---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 02f1b4f326a93ddd0f303c159d521fba5a424041
summary:
- '# Dogs and cats playing around and getting burned!'
- Precious cat life, away from the little sun!
- When shoveling at home and using devices such as small suns and heaters to keep
  warm, it's a good idea to put isolation frames around the heaters to keep cats and
  dogs away.
tags:
- cats
- cat
- dogs
title: ' Dogs and cats playing around accidentally catch fire! The next scene is a
  stunner! '
---

 # Dogs and cats playing around and getting burned! The next scene is a stunner!

2020-11-26 17:00 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Politics

Recently, a surveillance video caused a lot of discussion among netizens.

In the video, dogs and cats are playing in the living room.

The cat's tail accidentally caught on an open flame on the table.

The dog runs away immediately at the sight of it.

The cat stares silently at its burning tail.

It was motionless.

Then the fire diminished and went out slowly.

In a video comment, a netizen said

"The owner said the kitten was safe and okay.

It's just best not to leave the cat alone near an open fire."

In addition to open flames, beware of heaters!

Temperatures are getting colder every day.

How does your woofers and meowers keep warm?

Dogs: It's Cold Shovelers: Heater Arrangement

Shoveling shit, why do I feel like I'm undercooked?

Right Cat: "Do you smell something?"

Left Cat: "Dude, it smells like you're burning."

How do you seal a cat in winter? Just turn on your heater.

My life is given to me by this little sun, no one can touch my savior!

With the little sun, Mom won't have to worry about me freezing anymore!

Wait, why is it starting to smoke?

Precious cat life, away from the little sun! Don't ask me how I know!

Winter Group Heating, Safety First

When shoveling at home and using devices such as small suns and heaters to keep warm, it's a good idea to put isolation frames around the heaters to keep cats and dogs away.

And when you leave the house, conduct a power outage.

Henan Fire reminds you.

When using a heater such as the Little Sun.

It must not cover anything on it.

Especially for flammable and explosive items.

In addition, the little sun, when in use

Keep away from furniture such as sofas and beds.

Do not leave children and the elderly alone.

Be sure to unplug the power supply when not in use.

Original title: "Dogs and cats playing inadvertently lead to fire! The next scene is a stunner!

Read the original article

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Comment ()

 
        