---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 042b91d0d8fe09c116ba7c2a11be7040
summary:
- As a private brand of Porky's, Yichin Pet has a growing reputation for quality and
  value for money, and one of Yichin's best-selling products is the Full Price Air
  Dried Dog Food.
- This is the reason why more and more shovelers are choosing Yi Paw Pets' full-priced
  air-dried dog food, which is pure meat with no additives.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- food
title: ' What is the best brand of dog food? '
---

 Every dog shovel officer who brings home a dog, will love the cute dog. But for puppies in a new environment, the environment is already unfamiliar, and if the wrong dog food is chosen, it will directly affect the dog's subsequent development. Choosing a suitable dog food for puppies is very critical, and an important way to continue the healthy growth of your dog is to choose a nutritionally rich and balanced, and safe and natural dog food. What is the best brand of dog food? It's really important to choose carefully!

There is a wealth of pet food products on the market today, and the pet industry is overwhelmed by the number of brands. As a private brand of Porky's, Yichin Pet has a growing reputation for quality and value for money, and one of Yichin's best-selling products is the Full Price Air Dried Dog Food. There's a reason why YiP's full-priced air-dried dog food is such a good armor for your dog's healthy and energetic growth. First of all, the ancient technique of air-drying at 50℃ is used to lock all the nutrients in the meat in the air-dried dog food tablets, while keeping the fresh taste of the meat.

This is the reason why more and more dogs are choosing Evian Pets for their nutritional supplements. This is the reason why more and more shovelers are choosing Yi Paw Pets' full-priced air-dried dog food, which is pure meat with no additives.

The rigor of our products is not only reflected in the selection of ingredients and the R&amp;D process, but also in our sense of responsibility to our dog scavengers and pets. From time to time, we will release the third-party test reports of our products on our public website, so that our scavengers can feel more at ease when choosing our products and our fur kids can feel more at ease when eating them.

[Editor：Zhao Xinhua]

 
        