---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 047f70c0c18a37b203ab216fb07a2846748985d2
summary:
- These cases of wildlife rescue, are ordinary citizens in their homes or outdoor
  accidental discovery, they choose through various channels to feedback the situation
  to the forest police or wildlife protection departments, so that wild animals can
  be rescued in a timely manner, to return to nature.
tags:
- wildlife
- forest
- forested
title: ' New Tianshui-Wildlife Rescue in Action '
---

 Save the Wildlife We're on the Move

New Tianshui-Tianshui Daily reporter Yan Rongfang

Introduction:

The mountains and rivers are lush, the air is clean and fresh, and the rivers and lakes are shallow. In recent years, as the city's ecological civilization further promote the construction of ecological environment continues to improve, a large number of wild animals have come to Tianshui "home", some trapped, single or injured "fall into trouble".
The wild animals also wandered into residential areas, industrial zones, schools and other places, and were found to be rescued by citizens.

This year, this newspaper has more than 10 reports on wildlife rescue.
Police and People Help Iguana Return Home", "Injured Red Muntjac Runs Into Villagers' Homes/Forest Public Security Successfully Released It Back Into the Forest" on May 8, "Injured Musk Deer Break Into an Elementary School in Gangu/Folk Police Promptly Save and Transfer to Forestry Department" on June 29, and "Body Length Nearly One Meter" on September 18.
Weight about seven kilograms
The villagers found a large baby fish / has been handed over to the relevant departments for proper protection " ...... These cases of wildlife rescue, are ordinary citizens in their homes or outdoor accidental discovery, they choose through various channels to feedback the situation to the forest police or wildlife protection departments, so that wild animals can be rescued in a timely manner, to return to nature. The wildlife conservation program has been a success.

With extensive publicity, people's awareness of wildlife protection is gradually increasing, and more and more volunteers and relevant departments are involved in the protection and rescue of wildlife. According to the city wildlife protection station director Ding, from 2017 to date, the city's citizens rescued a total of more than 60 wildlife, mainly for the carved owl, macaque, egret, antelope, king snake, night heron, kestrel, swan, red-billed blue magpie, red-bellied kestrel and so on.

Rescue 1:

Time: March 17, 5:00 pm

Location: Shetang Industrial Park, Maiji District

Incident: Tianshui Spark Machine Tool Company received a phone call from an employee of the company, saying that a deer-like animal had broken into the company's production area. The company immediately reported the matter to the forest police and other relevant departments. According to Gansu Province Xiaolong Mountain Forest Public Security Bureau Hu Guangye introduced, after investigation, found that the intruder is a hyena, for the national two key protection animals. In the end, the police sent it back to the forest safely.

Rescue 2:

Time: May 3, 15:00 hours

Location: Yushu Village, Longshan Town, Zhangjiachuan County, China

Incident: The police on duty of Zhangjiachuan County Forest Public Security Branch received 110 orders from the command center of County Public Security Bureau, and a villager of Yushu Village in Longshan Town said a wild animal ran into his yard. On the morning of May 4, the police from the Forest Public Security Bureau successfully released the muntjac in Guanshan forest area.

Rescue three:

Time: May 5

Location: Longdong Township, Qing Shui County

Incident: Longdong police station of the Qing Shui County Public Security Bureau received one after another jurisdiction of passing vehicle owners reflected, a wild animal activity on the highway. After receiving the alarm, the police rushed to the scene, see a wild animal sneaking between vehicles. After the Bureau of Land Resources forestry and grass personnel to confirm, the wild animal is a state key animal protection elk. Then, under the guidance of the forestry staff, the police went into the densely forested area with many vehicle owners and released the deer.

Rescue 4:

Time: June 24

Location: Liujia Village Primary School, Weiyang Town, Gangu County

Incident: Weiyang Police Station of Gangu County Public Security Bureau received a call from the staff of Liujia Village Elementary School, saying that a suspected injured deer was found in the school yard. After preliminary identification by the staff of the Gangu County Forestry Bureau, the wild animal was a musk deer, which is protected at the national level and mainly distributed in Ningxia, Anhui, Sichuan, Tibet, northern Yunnan and the mountains of Guizhou, which is rare in the Tianshui area. The injured musk deer was safely handed over to the Gangu County Forestry Bureau.

Rescue five:

Time: the evening of September 13

Location: Her River channel near Shiziping, Magaoquan Town, Maiji District

Incident: Shiziping Village villager Yin Mian, swimming in the river near the village of Yingchuan River, found something shaking in a puddle in the river, he immediately went over to see, found a puddle in the puddle actually nearly 1 m long baby fish swimming, later by the Qinzhou Rare Aquatic Wildlife Nature Reserve staff measurement, the baby fish length of 93 cm, weighing 6.8 kg, is The largest baby fish they have rescued to date.

Reporter's Notes:

"Now wild animals are gradually able to get in close contact with humans, indicating that our ecological environment in Tianshui is getting better and better!" In the interview, many people said truthfully.

In recent years, the city put the construction of ecological civilization in a prominent strategic location, and solidly promote the greening of land, natural forest protection and return of farmland to forest, tightly grasp the protection of forests and wildlife resources do not relax, the total amount of forest resources continued to grow, wildlife resources increased significantly, the forest ecological service functions continue to strengthen. By paying close attention to the comprehensive management of mountains, water, forests, fields and lakes, the overall plan to promote the city's ecological environment management work to achieve results. According to the city's forestry and grass department as of the end of July, the city's forest area of 754.66 million acres, with a forest coverage rate of 36.45%, higher than the whole 21.66% and 11.33% of the province, respectively, 14.79 and 25.12 percentage points. 2019, excluding the impact of dust, the city's average PM10 concentration decreased by 16.4% year-on-year; PM2.5 average concentration year-on-year, down by 16.4%. 11.8%; 347 days of good ambient air, an increase of 22 days, good rate of 95.1%, 2 percentage points higher than the average level of the province. A "monetary" number, witnessing the vivid practice of planting and protecting green in Tianshui, and highlighting the fruitful results of the city's ecological civilization construction.

While the ecological environment is getting better, the number of wild animals and plants is also increasing year by year. According to city forestry and grass department statistics, the city's existing wildlife 79 sections 207 genera 257 species, 48 kinds of national key wildlife protection. Among them, 8 species of wildlife protection at the national level, mainly golden eagle, leopard, sika deer, clouded leopard, lynx, jade belt sea eagle, steppe eagle, white-tailed sea eagle. The second national protection of 40 species of animals, mainly red-bellied brocade fowl, blue pheasant, red-footed falcon, long-eared owl, etc., as well as wild boar, egret, heron, kingfisher and other 209 species of "three" animals have settled in the city. The next step, the city will increase forestry regulations and policies by increasing the publicity, the implementation of efforts to crack down on poaching rotten hunting wildlife violations, the protection of wildlife habitats and breeding grounds, painting a natural and harmonious ecological picture.

  

 
        