---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 06d2d1b7d6fcaa59d5ae0247c59d69c827ee8ba6
summary:
- Constantly strengthen the work with the town party committee government, the garrison,
  horse mane mountain railroad police station and other units to cooperate, take the
  initiative to report, smooth information, seek support, education and rectification
  since the joint garrison, the town armed forces to carry out joint patrols along
  the border 7 times, and effectively promote the border management work together
  to take charge of the leadership mechanism in the formation of the police station
  landing.
tags:
- police
- border
- management
title: ' Jiuquan Horsehair Mountain: "1234" Education Rectification Work System as
  the Leading System to Play the "Safe Song" at the Borderline '
---

 # Jiuquan Horsehair Mountain: "1234" Education Rectification Work System as the Overall Leader, Playing the "Safe Song" at the Border Frontline

2020-11-28 11:19 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Politics

Sounding the "Safe Song" at the Borderline

The people's business, the hair will rise; the people's business, the millimetre will go. Since the education and rectification of "adhere to the political police, comprehensive and strict police", the Jiuquan border management detachment Mahaishan border police station, as a pilot unit of education and rectification of the Gansu entry-exit border inspection terminus, has continuously improved its ideological awareness and innovated the practice of "1234". In addition, the company is working hard to build a "pioneer area" and cultivate "experimental fields", and strive to set up a "horsehair model" for education and rectification, so that the sense of gain, happiness, and security of the people in the area will be constantly enhanced.

01

The police have to be very careful about what they do and how they do it. The police station's public column hanging on the "Education Rectification Key Task Promotion Table" has this learning clause: "Establish the 'First Issue' system and 'Weekly Classroom' and 'One per class'. Theme 'education system, every Monday, Wednesday night and Saturday half-day identified as the leader led learning day." Since the education and rectification, the Institute combined with "three lessons", theme party day, special study, secretary and deputy secretary of the party, learning the spirit of the training, to the police flag oath and other activities, the "political police" line throughout the education and rectification, to ensure that all the police Absolute loyalty, absolute purity, and absolute reliability.

02

Always adhere to the people's satisfaction as the goal to measure the effect of education and rectification, always adhere to the border control battle results to test the effectiveness of education and rectification. "The sheep have been bitten to death three, this month sheep have been let go in vain, Yu police officers you must help me think of a way ah." On November 8, the shepherd called the police station to ask for help, but it turned out that three wild dogs had bitten the sheep to death. After receiving the call for help, the police station police acted quickly and subdued the wild dogs on the spot, which was praised by the herders. In the afternoon of November 15, a familiar phone number flashed up on the director's cell phone screen, "Director Wang, home felt in disrepair, watching the beams will soon break, the children are in the The field, I an old man really can not help." The director of the police station introduced the specific situation to the reporter: "Master Gordon is more than seventy years old, living alone in the Gobi hinterland, has been the focus of our police station all year round."  "The first thing that comes to mind when something happens is you, whether you're in uniform or in police uniform. The old man Gordon held the director's hand, said emotionally, hanging in the heart of the stone has finally landed. Since the education and rectification carried out, the police station adhere to the microscope to see the people's suffering, with a magnifying glass to see the "four winds" persistent problems, law enforcement credibility and mass satisfaction constantly improve. Since the launch of the pilot, a total of three online provisional control officers were arrested, and the first case of illegal border crossing was investigated and dealt with in the Gansu Border Management Area, which effectively combats criminal behavior in the border area and maintains the security and stability of the area.

03

By steadily pushing forward the three key measures of "grasping the team and leading the team, creating a new style by grasping the accumulated defects, and promoting development by strengthening the correct concept of "strict control is generous love and supervision is protection", and establishing the "if there is, then change it, if there is not, then increase it". The "modest attitude," to nurture the "open-mindedness of the open-mindedness of the open-minded". Organized and held education and rectification of the "Party, government, police, people and enterprises" opinions and suggestions forum, self-examination and self-correction thematic meetings, warning education, police style and discipline inspection, risk hidden danger investigation, confidential security checks and other activities 12 (times). The Party branch and the whole police based on their own post responsibilities, control of the original heart mission and discipline style requirements, with the "blade inward" "scrape the bones to cure the disease" courage and commitment to reveal their shortcomings, a total of 6 aspects of 22 issues, while profound analysis of the causes of the problem. Now all the rectification measures have been formulated and the responsibility is assigned to the person, is in the process of rectification according to plan. Gansu total station, jiuquan detachment working group has 8 times in-depth research and guidance of the institute pilot construction, tendency to seedling problems to do early detection, early correction, early education, and effectively solve the problem in the initial stage and the nascent state, has had a good effect.

04

Vigorously promote the border control integration project. Constantly strengthen the work with the town party committee government, the garrison, horse mane mountain railroad police station and other units to cooperate, take the initiative to report, smooth information, seek support, education and rectification since the joint garrison, the town armed forces to carry out joint patrols along the border 7 times, and effectively promote the border management work together to take charge of the leadership mechanism in the formation of the police station landing. The police management grid project has been deepened. The establishment of "Firefly" herdsman management volunteer service team, the management of the right to really hand over to the people, the formation of the resident party committee government leadership, the police station to take the lead, social coordination, the public, the police station, the police station, the police station. In the pastoral area control "micro-governance" mode of participation and rule of law guarantee, the initiative and enthusiasm of the masses to participate in guarding and consolidating the frontier has been fully stimulated. Strictly implements the visit row normalization project. Solidly carry out "Jingbian" "sweeps the black and eliminates the evil" "millions of police into tens of millions of home" "to combat and rectify cross-border gambling crime". "Special activities such as "one standard and three truths", "public security hidden danger investigation and rectification", household registration management inventory, a total of more than 500 trips to the police, home visits to 187 households 411 trips to the masses, 303 visits to check key sites. The company has made 41 visits to inspect explosive-related units, discovered and corrected 47 potential security problems, issued 8 rectification notices, supervised the use of 277.6 tons of explosives, detonators 2,100 hair, supervised the sale of bulk gasoline 39.4 tons, a total of more than 10,000 kilometers, the visit coverage rate reached 100%. Promote the quality of comprehensive promotion of precision engineering. Perseverance in deepening the concept of the rule of law, through the development of basic physical fitness, police handling, preparation for law enforcement qualification examination and other training subjects, the comprehensive ability of the police to a certain extent. We will continue to make efforts to improve the supervision of law enforcement, the whole process of record, intelligent supervision and traceability management of law enforcement activities to further improve. The three provisions of the implementation of the special rectification of outstanding problems in law enforcement and other activities have obvious results.

It is a good time to sail, not waiting to whip to work hard. The Central Committee of the Party Central Committee to carry out education and rectification of the decision-making intention, grasp the construction of pilot units is crucial. The police have said that they will take "no time to waste" sense of urgency, "duty-bound" sense of mission, "no progress is backward" sense of crisis, and strive to make the ordinary work into a feature, the The advantageous work is made into a highlight, and the highlight work is made into a boutique, to test the effectiveness of education and reorganization by the new effectiveness of team building, new performance of law enforcement for the people, and new achievements in maintaining stability.

Release: Gansu Provincial Public Security Department Political Department Publicity Department

Original title: "Jiuquan Horsehair Mountain: "1234" education rectification work system as the overall leadership, play the border front "peaceful song"

Read the original article

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Comment ()

 
        