---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 0c0f5dcd24eda293efac92760acd583e
summary:
- 'Yesterday, Xi Mengyao in the microblogging photos of her and Mr. Lawrence Ho stall
  selling milk tea, with the text: the first snow after the first cup of milk tea,
  there is open homemade milk tea recipe, look at the picture business is very hot,
  most of them should be fans of it!'
- What do netizens think about He Yuzun Xi Mengyao's stall selling the first cup of
  milk tea after the first snow?
tags:
- xi
- autumn
- milk tea
title: ' Xi Mengyao and Lawrence Ho set up a stall to sell the first cup of milk tea
  after the first snow, the Tang Monk: the first dog food after the first snow has
  been eaten! '
---

 Recently the Internet is very popular "autumn's first cup of milk tea", there is a saying: "It does not matter whether you drink the first cup of milk tea in autumn, but you must be deeply aware that if you do not work hard to make money, then you will be able to drink the first mouthful of northwest wind in winter!". Then followed a lot of fads, like "autumn's first bag", "autumn's first grapefruit", "autumn's first dog food" and so on. Now, and opened the "first cup of milk tea after the first snow", even Xi Mengyao He Yujun opened a stall to sell the first cup of milk tea after the first snow!

Yesterday, Xi Mengyao in the microblogging photos of her and Mr. Lawrence Ho stall selling milk tea, with the text: the first snow after the first cup of milk tea, there is open homemade milk tea recipe, look at the picture business is very hot, most of them should be fans of it! Not many people actually drink milk tea because of their face value, right?

This is a clip from a happy trio program, the two stalls selling milk tea, the two couples are very grounded, good attitude, crazy shouting, not at all can not see the lofty shelf, the two social skills are also very strong, all of a sudden the two milk tea sold out, very strong selling couples! There are so few couples who make money and are rich!

This milk tea is not ordinary milk tea yo, this is Xi Mengyao and He Yuzun love "crystallization", this is the two homemade milk tea, but also public homemade recipe, read the recipe must be a lot of netizens began to act up! In fact, this milk tea taste do not know how, many people drink is a sweet, because their love makes everyone feel sweet.

He Youjun and Xi Mengyao is also a man and a woman, a son of the king of gamblers, rich family background, is also a very powerful second generation, an internationally renowned supermodel, tall figure, face value online. There are also many netizens who are puzzled as to why He Yongjun would choose Xi Mengyao. He Yuzheng started his first love at the age of seventeen, talked about four girlfriends, and later fell in love with Xi Mengyao, not only because of her body and face value, but also because the two are very much in sync, Xi Mengyao also proved that there is love in the gentry. Now the two's homemade milk tea is show a wave of love.

After watching the first milk tea after the first snow for Xi Mengyao and He Yuzun, it was laughable to see a comment from a microblogger named Monk Tang, who commented: "The first dog food after the first snow, eaten straight through, thank you two almsgivers"! It's fine if people say they eat dog food, but a monk saying he eats dog food is really unbearable.

What do netizens think about He Yuzun Xi Mengyao's stall selling the first cup of milk tea after the first snow? Feel free to comment and share!

**Original content, please do not carry! ***

**Pictures from the network, if any infringement, please contact me! ***

 
        