---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 0cd0610a7f610f61d622521067bf02c405809882
summary:
- On November 27, Prime Minister Imran Khan met with American singer and actress Cher,
  who arrived in Pakistan to visit the "world's loneliest elephant," according to
  the Pakistani Prime Minister's Office.
- Cher has been campaigning for years to improve the situation of the "world's loneliest
  elephant".
tags:
- elephant
- elephants
- cher
title: ' "World''s Loneliest Elephant" finally moves to new home after 35 years in
  small zoo '
---

 2020-11-28 12:34:50 Source: Nanfang Metropolis Daily

Report

On November 27, Prime Minister Imran Khan met with American singer and actress Cher, who arrived in Pakistan to visit the "world's loneliest elephant," according to the Pakistani Prime Minister's Office. Cher has been campaigning for years to improve the condition of the elephant, who has been confined to a small enclosure in an Islamabad zoo for 35 years.

  

Cher has been campaigning for years to improve the situation of the "world's loneliest elephant".

Pakistan's Prime Minister's Office reportedly released a video of Prime Minister Imran Khan and Cher sitting outside the spacious grounds of the Prime Minister's Office.

"The "world's loneliest elephant," named Kaavan, has been confined to a small enclosure at the Marghazar Zoo in Islamabad, Pakistan, for 35 years. 2012 saw Kaavan lose his only elephant companion. In May of this year, Pakistan's High Court ordered the zoo's closure, citing "systematic negligence resulting in deplorable conditions.

  

Kavan's fate made headlines around the world, which led to his transfer.

Thanks to the continued efforts of animal welfare activists, Kavan was finally allowed to leave and will be living with other elephants in Cambodia on November 29. Cher has been campaigning for years to improve Kavan's situation, and it was her efforts that helped to free him from his plight. It is believed that Cher will participate in subsequent celebrations.

According to the animal protection group Four Paws, Cher will participate in subsequent celebrations.
Martin Bauer, a spokesman for Paws, said a thorough medical examination revealed that Kavan was overweight, malnourished and suffering from psychological problems, such as bobbing his head for hours because he was "bored.

"Four Paws, a global animal welfare organization that regularly carries out animal rescue missions, has provided the medical care that Kavan needed before his trip.

Thanks to Cher, and thanks to local activists in Pakistan, Khawan's fate made headlines around the world, which also led to his transfer, according to Martin Bauer.

Dr. Amir Khalil, a veterinarian, said that there are many elephants in the Cambodian reserve, especially three female elephants waiting for Kavan's arrival. He joked that Kavan might find a girlfriend there.

By Chen Lin, Nando's Reporter

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        