---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 10a61e91f5d4f23a650b3581f18d31e4
summary:
- '2020-11-28 14:48:11 Source: Global New Military'
- The 056 ship ushers in the closing work, our newest 056A series frigate "Aba" is
  put into service and joins the Southern War Area Navy.
- 'From Sina Weibo authentication data: Global New Military Network'
tags:
- ship
- ships
- anti
title: ' 72 Battleships Completed, China''s Naval Defense Upgraded! '
---

 2020-11-28 14:48:11 Source: Global New Military

Report

Click on the arrow.

"Blue Letter"

Follow us!

The 056 ship ushers in the closing work, our newest 056A series frigate "Aba" is put into service and joins the Southern War Area Navy. With the full load displacement of less than 1500 tons, why are the Type 056 frigates so popular?

China's coastline is too long and there are too many islands and reefs, so the purpose of building the 056 is to provide coastal defense and island patrol.

  

Because the tonnage is only 1,300 tons, with a full load displacement of less than 1,500 tons, the frigate is a light frigate.

The Type 056 frigates did not just appear out of nowhere; the Type 037 hunting submarines, Type 62 gunboats, and Type 022 missile boats were used for coastal defense and patrol duties until the Type 056 entered service.

We lack a coastal defense ship to secure China's long coastline, which is why the Type 056 frigates are in such high demand!

The primary mission of the 056 is to replace older ships such as the Type 037, Type 62, and Type 053. The advanced 056 ships will be used for coastal defense, base defense, reef and EEZ patrols, and especially anti-submarine patrols, which are in great demand, estimated to be around 80 to 100 ships.

  

It is also a good basic performance of the 065 ship, can be used as a low-intensity confrontation or naval warfare, especially to defend the reefs and deal with the illegal occupation of our reefs in Southeast Asia. 056 accompanied by coast guard ships to go not bully them, the situation will not be so tense, these small countries in the firepower, anti-submarine ships have certain advantages, backed by large ships, not panic!

China's navy is developing to the ocean and needs a large number of technical officers and soldiers, for naval novices directly on the aircraft carriers, 055 spans too large, relying on the 056 and 054A and other small and medium-sized ships escort, patrol missions, training officers and soldiers with practical skills. It's much safer to wait until you have some experience and then go on large warships like 055 and aircraft carriers!

Of course, some people will say that the 056 is too small, only 1300 tons. The advantage of 056 is its low construction cost, which makes it suitable for mass construction to replace the old ships.

  

The 056 is a small sensitive ship with a high anti-submarine capability. It is equipped with a towed sonar, which can summon a shipborne helicopter, and then cooperate with land-based anti-submarine aircraft and submarines.

  

As for the weapons of the 056, that is absolutely no problem, the 056 is equipped with a single 76mm gun, two 30mm machine gun weapon station, a Red Flag-10 short-range anti-aircraft missile launcher, two twin Hawk-83 anti-ship missile launchers, two triple 324mm torpedo tubes. The 056 is perfectly adequate for coastal patrols and island defense missions, and the comfort level of soldiers on board is greatly improved. 056 is a powerful coastal weapon, and we have a long coastline with only 70 ships, so even if we build 100 ships, it won't be much!

From Sina Weibo authentication data: Global New Military Network

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        