---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 12d8f3570665422a276e4e9349e695a55a492a25
summary:
- If the shovel is more fierce, then the dog will not be kind.
- Shovelers like to breed garden dogs, they like interesting things, they are unpredictable
  and carefree, they don't set limits on the direction they can take in life, they
  like to improvise, and they don't hold back.
tags:
- shovel
- dogs
- dog
title: ' Dogs know people from dogs, and shovelers'' personalities from dog ownership! '
---

 There is a saying that "a dog knows a man by his dog", and from the dog's behavior, you can probably know the character of the spade. We all know that the dog's behavior is directly related to the shovel, if the shovel is kinder, then the dog will not be fierce. If the shovel is more fierce, then the dog will not be kind. So let's take a look at the character of the shovelers who have several kinds of dogs.

1, Shiba Inu

Some people say that a Shiba Inu is a dog in disguise of a cat. Their habits are similar to a cat's, they don't always stick to their owners, and they are very clean and take care of themselves from time to time. Shovelers, on the other hand, are independent and don't seek sticky relationships, such as excitement, and prefer quiet personal time. They are also like the Shiba Inu, a little smart, and can rely on a few tricks to resolve any difficulties in life or work. They have no interest in things that are timely and understandable, but don't put too much thought into them either.

2、Husky.

We can see from our daily life that huskies are energetic dogs, even in their adulthood, when they go out to play, they still show the energy of a puppy. They love the outdoors, such as hiking, running, etc. Perhaps this is the only way to deal with the energetic Erha. People who don't know them well may find them reckless because of some of their behaviors, but their stubbornness is tempered with a bit of cuteness, and because of this, they can quickly get along with strangers.

3、Chinese Terriers

Shovelers like to breed garden dogs, they like interesting things, they are unpredictable and carefree, they don't set limits on the direction they can take in life, they like to improvise, and they don't hold back. They like to improvise and are unconventional. In their free time, they often engage in volunteer activities.

4、Golden Hair

Golden Retrievers are gentle, making them one of the best choices for companion dogs. And the shovelers who love them are quite family-oriented, get along well with others, and can always make a big issue out of a small one. And the golden retriever has amazing physical strength, especially loves sports, and as their shovelers, they love sports too.

5、British Bulldog.

They are determined and strong-willed. Some people will always say that Indo shovelers are a bit high strung, smiley, and stubborn, but they are extremely efficient and have a great way of handling things. However, they are extremely efficient and have a way of dealing with things. Despite their fierce appearance, Indo shovelers have a gentle personality that is suitable for romantic and emotional shovelers.

6、Pagos

Pug is regarded as the happy man of the dog world, and their favorite shovelers are cheerful and full of life expectations. Pug will often use all kinds of tricks to get his belly scratched, and the shovelers love this almost never-ending enthusiasm and can even take pleasure in it. They always show the utmost care for their friends and are willing to amuse themselves to make everyone happy.

 
        