---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 1332d41e17d7bf9c61103e8017f721d904cb4e15
summary:
- I have to say that this face clash of wolves is really a fan's brain, Xiao Zhan
  fans do not know that some time ago, Wang Hailin also took His Highness Hashchi
  a wave of Xiao Zhan connotation?
- For Xiao Zhan's face face "husky" whether he let Wang Hailin have his way or not?
tags:
- xiao
- zhan faces
- face
title: ' Xiao Zhan faces "husky", Peter Pan''s brain is too big! '
---

 

I have to say that this face clash of wolves is really a fan's brain, Xiao Zhan fans do not know that some time ago, Wang Hailin also took His Highness Hashchi a wave of Xiao Zhan connotation?

This kind of gives Xiao Zhan the feeling of taking a seat, but Xiao Zhan not only clashed with the husky, but also clashed with the gourd baby's sleeping pose, so I have to say that Xiao Zhan is instantly very cute.

Of course, there are different kinds of huskies, and if it's the type of Xiao Zhan, it's definitely a very good boy.

It is not only a good idea to have a good look, but it is also a good idea to have a good look at the corners of your mouth.

In fact, Xiao Zhan, who is the number two man in the show, has been getting a lot of attention after the broadcast of the wolf highness.

It is not only about the look, but also about the look of the man, Wang Jiuzhi. It is important to say that this year's fans are really open-minded, and Xiao Zhan is simply going to play "bad" after the broadcast of this drama.

It is also known as an emotional mediator. Whenever there is a conflict between Bo Wang and Star picking, "His Highness the Husky" will start to mediate.

Nowadays, Xiao Zhan's facial expressions clash with several cartoon characters and even SpongeBob SquarePants expressions. It must be said that a new generation of fans is really catching actors off guard, watching the drama can also make up the brain of the animated characters.

For Xiao Zhan's face face "husky" whether he let Wang Hailin have his way or not? I also hope that Peter Pan will steadily watch the drama, after all, the bullet screen is all right, also want to take a look, and watch the drama or less some brain for good.

In the past two days, there have been a lot of hot searches for men, and it is clear that Xiao Zhan's fans also understand the importance of keeping a low profile, and after all, the number two man can't be overshadowed by the man, Wang Jun.

In the end, I hope that we can make up some meaningful images of the brain, for this kind of face-to-face collision or less to mention is better.

 
        