---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 135bc6ab1d06907b1bb84a7973881d28
summary:
- After being introduced by a friend, Mr. Wang sent his male cat to Mr. Liu to get
  a cat, and after just one month, the cat was injured, lost his hair, and eventually
  died after being treated by the veterinary hospital.
tags:
- wang
- liu
- cat
title: ' Cat Owner Sues for Nearly $9,000 in Damages for Accidental Death of Petting
  Cat '
---

 After being introduced by a friend, Mr. Wang sent his male cat to Mr. Liu to get a cat, and after just one month, the cat was injured, lost his hair, and eventually died after being treated by the veterinary hospital. Beichen-
Beijing headline reporter learned on November 25, Beijing Xicheng Court finally ruled that Liu Mou compensate Wang Mou 8886 yuan.

In May 2018, Wang was introduced by a friend to a short male cat that was sent to Liu's home, which was healthy and free of any disease. But more than a month later, when he received the male cat from Liu, it was in very bad condition, with its eyes swollen to the point of not being able to open them, and all the hair on its abdomen and inner limbs falling out. The cat's eyes were swollen to the point that it couldn't open them, and all the hair on its abdomen and inner limbs fell out. It died after being diagnosed and treated by a veterinary hospital.

Wang said, Liu has been hiding the fact that the cat has obvious trauma, and has not allowed himself to pick up the cat at home, but proposed to use flash delivery to send the cat back. Wang believes that Liu's serious abuse of cats is what caused the cat's rapid weight loss and systemic illness.

Therefore, Wang sued the court and asked Liu to pay the compensation for the cat's death, medical expenses, funeral expenses, transportation expenses during the treatment, evidence costs, etc. 9,624.53 yuan.

During the trial, Liu did not agree with all of Wang's claims, but only agreed to give Wang a similar cat.

Liu said that the male cat was sent to her home without any health certificate, and she also suggested that Wang bring some cat food that the male cat used to eat to make the transition, but Wang did not listen. As a result, the male cat didn't adapt to Liu's home, ate very little, and began to lose weight. However, he still kept communicating with Wang and added a lot of canned food to the cat. However, after more than 2 months, the cat was no longer able to adapt and lost a lot of hair. Because of the dampness of the place where he lived, Mr. Liu even moved his home.

At the same time, Mr. Liu said that the male cat's eye injury was caused by a fight with another cat. The cat shed a lot of hair and was dying, so if I had known, I would have taken it to the hospital earlier. The first thing that you need to do is to take your eyes off the cat, and it will cost you more than 20,000 yuan. Liu Mou will want to buy another cat for Wang Mou. Then, Wang asked Liu for 100,000 yuan, then down to 50,000 yuan, not let Liu go without paying, until the police police arrived to leave.

In the related sales website, the same breed of smoky-blue kittens are priced at 7,000 to 8,000 yuan.

The court held that Wang's male cat in Liu's cat during the hair loss, eye damage, Liu did not timely treatment, and finally the male cat returned to Wang after death, Wang should bear the corresponding liability. However, the traffic expenses and evidence costs were not supported.

In the end, the court sentenced Liu to pay Wang 8,886 yuan in compensation.

By: Ye Wan, Beijing Headline Reporter, Beijing Youth Daily

 
        