---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 13930e1dbe5ec6fa7a7c12526d0106b3
summary:
- A pack of wild dogs wanted to eat the crocodile's meat and set a trap by drinking
  the water, and the crocodile took the bait!
- Animals living in the wild have to worry about food almost every day, and under
  such cruel conditions, they have also mastered some tricks, this day a group of
  wild dogs wanted to eat crocodile meat, and set a trap by drinking water, and the
  crocodile successfully took the bait!
tags:
- crocodile
- crocodiles
- animals
title: ' A pack of wild dogs wanted to eat the crocodile meat and set a trap by pretending
  to drink the water, and the crocodile took the bait! '
---

 A pack of wild dogs wanted to eat the crocodile's meat and set a trap by drinking the water, and the crocodile took the bait!

Animals living in the wild have to worry about food almost every day, and under such cruel conditions, they have also mastered some tricks, this day a group of wild dogs wanted to eat crocodile meat, and set a trap by drinking water, and the crocodile successfully took the bait! Let's take a look at this.

In the wild, wild dogs often cooperate in hunting, they can even hunt horned horses or antelope twice its weight, but they are used to eating land animals, this day the wild dog pack wanted a change of taste, targeting the crocodile in the water, some of the wild dogs first pretended to drink water by the river.

Some of the wild dogs first pretended to drink water from the crocodile and then drew the crocodile to the shore. Without the shelter of water, the crocodile's fighting power was much smaller, but the wild dogs did not dare to move forward to attack the crocodile, as long as the crocodile moved its body a little, the wild dogs would be scared and retreat.

In the end, the crocodile managed to return to the water, and the wild dogs could only watch their prey leave them, it seems that the strategy alone is not enough, but also need to have some ability and courage.

Sometimes, some small crocodiles will also become the food of Pingtou, so it seems that there is a certain advantage of being bold. Feel free to leave a comment below!

 
        