---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 194f4afca760b746c64c46d71b241772d88a626b
summary:
- 'Beagle  '
- '**English name:** Beagle'
- The Beagle breed is the smallest of the hunting dogs.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by the user of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only
  provides information storage service.'
tags:
- beagle
- beagles
- dog
title: ' World Famous Dog - Beagle (Hunting Dog) '
---

 2020-11-20 12:17:53 Source: Mommy's Classroom

Report

  
Beagle  

**English name:** Beagle

** Alias:** Beagle, Beagle, Miguelu

** Original purpose:** Rabbit tracking

**Characteristics:** The Beagle, due to its small size, easy to tame and catch, cute appearance, cheerful personality, loving movements, lively, very affectionate to its owner, pleasant barking, is increasingly popular and has become a family dog.

**Height:** 33-38 cm

**Weight:** 8-14 kg.

**Life span:** 13-14 years

  
History of Development  

By the mid-1800s, we find that fox hunting was becoming popular among a younger generation that wanted things faster and more exhilarating than watching hounds agonize over the intricate, circuitous movements of hares. The foxhound undoubtedly evolved from a mixture of deerhounds and beagles. By now, whimsical breeders have produced two different types of harehound, one of which is called the Southern Hound and the other the Northern Beagle. The former is slow and lumbering, with long ears and a deep bark, while the other is the opposite.

  
ORIGIN ORIGIN  

The Beagle breed is the smallest of the hunting dogs. It originated in ancient Greek times. Both the Norman and French whisperers bred the dog for hunting rabbits. The breed was introduced to England in 1066. At that time, because of its small size, it was often carried in a pocket, so it was called the Pocket-Miguerre, from which the Beagle is now adapted. In 1895, the English Beagle Club was founded, and the Beagle landed in the U.S. a few years later. Because the Beagle was a descendant of the Harehound in ancient Greek times, it was trained as a foxhound and was used in packs to chase down prey with great success. It was then bred as an experimental animal in laboratories, and among the results of research using dogs as experimental animals, only the application of the Beagle has been internationally recognized. It is now fed at home as a companion animal or kept in packs as a hunting dog.

  
Coat Color Characteristics  

The Beagle's coat is short, stiff, dense and shiny. The texture of the hair on the ears is finer than that of the body hair. The most common colors are white, brown and black.

  
Maintenance  

Beagles require more exercise than other breeds and should be given enough time each day to be active. The Beagle is a small dog and should be fed a small amount of meat and a vegan diet such as cooked veggies, cookies or rice. When feeding, in addition to paying attention to the cleanliness and hygiene of the food, the amount of food should also be controlled, and never overfeed to avoid putting on weight.

  
  

Beagles like to be clean, so they should be bathed regularly. Spring and autumn are cooler, so they should be dried with a hair dryer immediately after bathing to prevent colds. The Beagle should be bathed regularly in the spring and autumn when the air is cooler.

Advantages and Disadvantages

Beagles like to bark and make a lot of noise when they are in groups, so it is best to keep a single Beagle in a family, as keeping them in an apartment can sometimes affect the quiet.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by the user of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage service.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        