---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 1bd9ab3d33f21b2d65b17a523127750e
summary:
- Parents can first train the pug to develop a regular diet, excretion and sleeping
  habits.
- 4. During the training process, parents should make sure that rewards and punishments
  are clearly defined, and that they are always applied to the pug.
tags:
- train
- training
- trained
title: ' How do you train a pug? Master a few of these essentials '
---

 **The most important thing to remember is that there are different ways to train a pug, and there are different times and methods to train a pug. This is a very important part of the process.

1. The content of training a pug should be from simple to difficult, from behavioral awareness training to skill training. Parents can first train the pug to develop a regular diet, excretion and sleeping habits. Then slowly transition to on-the-go, roving, long periods of sitting, long periods of lying down, and so on. When the pug's skeleton is well developed, it can be trained to run, stand, fetch, and so on.

2. In the training process, parents can use mandatory training first. For a pug that is being trained for the first time, the parents may need to teach the pug how to do the relevant actions by hand, and then over time, the pug will develop certain positive habits and even reflexes. When the pug has completely mastered the training, then proceed to the next training.

3. Food enticement, petting and encouragement are also the most effective methods in the training process. You can implement a food lure before training, and then after the pug successfully completes the action, you can reward the pug with food or pet to encourage it. Keep the pug's enthusiasm to participate in the training so that it does not get bored with repetitive training, or even run away from it.

4. During the training process, parents should make sure that rewards and punishments are clearly defined, and that they are always applied to the pug. After the pug's behavior, the parent should make a judgment and respond. They should never wait until the situation has changed before they think of praise or punishment.

During the training process, parents should reward their dogs to a certain extent.

 
        