---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 1ecf006a891fd92bda3da29650dcd936
summary:
- The HCK Haskell Coke Girl mini-fridge can bring people not only visual, which represents
  the Nordic exquisite life, but also functionalism orientation in design.
- The HCK Haskell Cola Girl mini-fridge saves people from the boredom of life with
  a simple, retro design that lets users feel the joy of post-modern life!
tags:
- retro
- life
- haskell
title: ' [UNK] Haskell x Coca-Cola Retro Refrigerator with a Postmodernist Feel '
---

 HCK Haskell, in order to satisfy consumers' pursuit of post-modern life, launched the HCK Coke Girl Mini-Refrigerator in cooperation with Coca-Cola, a big IP company. The beauty of real life is displayed in retro form.

HCK Haskell Cola girl small refrigerator appearance go retro light extravagant wind, polished one-piece heavy body highlighting the geometric beauty of the body arc, especially the HCK Haskell classic curved door design, give people a warm and delicate high-grade texture, is the designer spent years of time carefully carved out the precious masterpiece. Printing technology on the curved door presents a retro poster image of Coca-Cola in the 1950s, further highlighting the retro trend, the picture texture is exquisite, the image of the girl is vivid and vivid, and the beauty of art.

The HCK Haskell Coke Girl mini-fridge can bring people not only visual, which represents the Nordic exquisite life, but also functionalism orientation in design. 42-liter large capacity design, full load can store 48 hear 330 ml of Coke, there are exclusive shelves for drinks, and a unique half-layer removable shelf structure, the contents of the display is not restricted, so that the user can always feel relaxed! The Pleasure.

The HCK Haskell Cola Girl mini-fridge saves people from the boredom of life with a simple, retro design that lets users feel the joy of post-modern life! So good, you can't help but want to have it.

  

Disclaimer: All manuscripts and pictures published and reproduced on this website are from reliable sources, the market has risks, choose carefully! This article is for reference only, and does not represent the views of the new site, and the resulting financial losses, the site does not bear any economic and legal responsibility, the site automatically blocks words that violate the "Advertising Law".

 
        