---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 1f23d7c4532787b04b7f339b21b182d4
summary:
- A short-legged, long-haired black dog that looks very similar to a schnauzer.
- Dachshunds are also one of the representatives of short-legged dogs, long body short
  legs, is their distinctive feature, as the name of the dog, looks very much like
  a dachshund.
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- tall
title: ' Top 10 Cute Short-Legged Dogs '
---

 - 1 - Corgi

When it comes to short legs, we have to mention the new web sensation in the dog world - the Corgi. By virtue of its rounded buttocks and limbs, the Corgi has become the new favorite of dog breeders.

The Corgi's two main adorable points are its round butt, good feel and elasticity, and its legs are so short that even going upstairs is difficult, which is very cute and makes people want to hold it in their arms and jerk it off from head to toe.

- 2 - Short-legged and long-bodied terrier

This is a 20-27 cm tall dog from England that hunts otter cave bears, and their name indicates that they are short-legged. This dog has a very friendly personality and makes a very good watchdog. In addition, they have a very loud bark.

- 3 - Skye Terrier.

It is a dog from an isolated island in Scotland. However, they are not from Scotland but from 17th century England. Their hair is long and dense, covering their ears, eyes, and body. They are very short and can be twice as long as they are tall.

- 4 -Bajito

The dog is a direct evolution of the St. Hubert's Hound and they are also known as the French Shorthaired Dog. They are only about 30 to 38 cm tall.

- 5 - Scottish Terrier

A short-legged, long-haired black dog that looks very similar to a schnauzer. They are 25 to 28 centimeters tall and are fairly well proportioned for a short-legged dog.

- 6 - West Highland White Terrier

The pure white Highland Terrier, 22--30 cm tall, originally from the West Highland region of Scotland, is a gentle, active, but extremely hardy small dog.

- 7 - Pekingese

The ancient Chinese royal family's favorite, called "sleeve dogs" by ancient royalty because they could be carried in the sleeves of those royalty and princesses of the time. Nowadays, however, the most common breed in China is the Pekingese Jingba, a string of Pekingese.

- 8 - Dachshund

Dachshunds are also one of the representatives of short-legged dogs, long body short legs, is their distinctive feature, as the name of the dog, looks very much like a dachshund. Don't look at people with short legs, but the Dachshund is a hunting dog, very agile and fast running, even though the short legs, but not to be discouraged.

- Conclusion -

What other cute dogs do you know that have short legs?

 
        