---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 1fd444133e588450b4780ed582f475d6
summary:
- So when we choose a dog food, if the protein content and the fat content are not
  much different, then we can look at the texture of the product particles, usually
  the product will have a particle diagram, by looking at the texture of the particles
  is loose or tight, you can determine which one is better.
- The protein content is 26% and the crude fat is 12%, the same as the grain-free
  dog food.
tags:
- dogs
- dog food
- freeze
title: ' Recommended dog food for small dogs like Teddy and Bichon Frise! These brands
  of dog food are good quality and cheap! '
---

 I have often seen many users ask questions about the choice of dog food for small dogs, and then go to believe those so-called dog food rankings.

In fact, there is no such thing as a dog food ranking, everyone's consumption budget is different, the best is not necessarily the most suitable for you, the current recognized product quality is better ranking is the summit, craving for this kind of high-end brand is very good. But the price is far beyond our budget.

So how to choose the best dog food within a limited budget is what we need to focus on.

How to judge the quality of a dog food, in addition to the proteins and fats and ingredients we are familiar with, we can follow the following logic to judge the advantages and disadvantages of dog food.

For the same protein content and the same fat content, the tighter the particle, i.e. the higher the density of the product, the better.

The lower the fat content, the better for the same protein content and the same density.

The higher the protein, the better for the same fat content and the same density.

So when we choose a dog food, if the protein content and the fat content are not much different, then we can look at the texture of the product particles, usually the product will have a particle diagram, by looking at the texture of the particles is loose or tight, you can determine which one is better. The texture of most of the so-called low-quality food and poisonous dog food is similar to that of potato chips, which means that a lot of grains have been added and the meat content is not high.

The fat content determines the amount of protein used in the ingredients, and a low fat content (within a reasonable standard) means that more protein is used in the ingredients, which results in a higher quality product.

If the fat content and the product particles are set in stone, it's time to look at the protein, the higher the better.

Dog's reaction after eating: If your dog has a vomiting reaction, first rule out whether the change of food caused by gastrointestinal upset, if not then it proves that the food may not be suitable for your dog.

If the dog eats a lot and poops a lot, the stool does not stink, the shape is particularly good, it means that the dog food may contain a lot of fiber, the digestibility is low, the protein content may also be low.

If the dog eats more, poops less, and the feces are smelly, but the shaping is good, it means the protein content is high, and the digestibility is good, and the fiber content is within reasonable limits. At this time we can reduce the amount of food we feed the dog in moderation.

As for the soft stool and stooling, it may be that the dog food's nutrients and ingredients are not of high quality, and a lot of grains may have been added.

Of course the above conditions need to be looked at in conjunction with each other, it's a matter of opinion!

Here are a few brands of dog food that I have personally purchased, all of which are relatively inexpensive and suitable for the vast majority of pet owners.

1、Yuriken

I bought its grain-free, hypoallergenic trio of food for small dogs, mainly because of the double freeze-dried hypoallergenic formula.

The combination of beef freeze dried + egg yolk freeze dried, not only can provide dogs with rich protein, egg yolk is rich in lecithin can help the dog's coat more beautiful, but also rich in calcium and trace elements.

The yolk also contains probiotics, which we all know can regulate the dog's gastrointestinal system and make it more healthy.

The crude protein reaches 28% and the crude fat reaches 14%, so the overall nutrition is relatively balanced from the nutritional composition table, which is suitable for most of the pet dogs.

Overall, the palatability of this food is very good, adding freeze-dried in the basis of the grain, calculated to save the money to buy freeze-dried, about 15 yuan a catty price is still very friendly.

Netflix Rating.

2. NetEase

I've bought a trial pack of cat food from Netease before, but then I saw the dog food, so I started the full-price small dog food.

The combination of chicken oil and fish can not only improve the fat utilization rate to a certain extent, but also have certain hairdressing effect.

35% crude protein, 16% crude fat, medium-high nutritional level, the digestive burden for dogs is relatively small. Combined with its price, it is very affordable and suitable for the majority of dog owners.

Netflix Rating.

3. Beneffi

Many people may not have heard of Beneffi, but it was a really hot brand last year.

The product features freeze-dried super-sized, palatable, with four flavors: deep-sea fish, chicken, duck + pear, and beef + lamb, so you can choose which product to use according to your dog's preferences.

The main ingredients of the dog food are meat and meat meal, added fruits and vegetables without grain, very friendly for grain-sensitive dogs.

In addition, the packaging of this food is also huge, perfect for stocking up on when there is a big discount.

Netflix Rating.

4、Billow

Bile is a big brand in the domestic grain market, and its original series has a very good reputation in the market.

But the price is not so friendly, so today we recommend the Biller Guardian series of duck pears, the main ingredients: frozen duck meat, duck meat powder, chicken meal, oats, rice. The protein content is 26% and the crude fat is 12%, the same as the grain-free dog food. The main ingredients of duck meat and pears are good for eye and tear problems in dogs.

In addition, this food actually adds meat loaf to increase palatability and keep dogs from being picky eaters. Bile dog food is a domestic dog food in the best, its original series of reputation and quality are very good, but the price is not very people-friendly, but the price of the guardian series is more people-friendly, large packaged scratch down a pound in about 15 yuan, or very good.

Netizen Rating.

The main reason for this is to introduce you to dog food that is about 15-20 yuan a pound. These brands of dog food are relatively reliable in quality, palatability is also good, market reputation is also good, and most importantly, cost performance is still relatively high.

 
        