---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 1fef80ace51dd6aba1b3a672807cc0bcfd159688
summary:
- The police took the leopard cat to the Chongqing Zoo, and after checking, the staff
  said, this is an adult leopard cat, the body is not injured, it scampered into the
  residential area, it is estimated that the weather is cold, down the mountain for
  food.
tags:
- cat
- cats
- police
title: ' A "cat" came to the house, with a fierce temper, and alarmed the police! '
---

 Source: City Scene Chongqing News Channel

May not be reproduced without permission.

On November 24, a cat came to a resident's home in Bai Shi Yi, Chongqing Hi-Tech Zone, and at first the resident wanted to tease the cat, but later, he had to call the police for help, what kind of cat still needs police action?

The cat, whose face resembled that of a leopard, also had spots and stripes that differed from those of a typical domestic cat. It was more obvious that the cat was not docile or quiet, even though it was in a cage, and a piece of cardboard in the cage was quickly chewed to pieces by its sharp teeth.

The police on the scene to deal with the reporters, that night, they received the alarm of the residents of the household. He said there was a cat that came from nowhere and attacked the residents, the residents also wondered how the cat was so temperamental, not gentle.

After catching the cat, the police found that it was not just any house cat. From the appearance, it should be a leopard cat. The leopard cat is one of the cats and belongs to the second grade national protection. It is active in the mountains and forests and feeds on rodents, snakes and insects. After the police brought it back to the police station, they brought it cat food to feed it, which it did not care about. The police station's canteen master took out the meat, resulting in 3 taels of meat, which the leopard cat ate clean in a few bites.

Some citizens at the scene said that they had seen leopard cats running out to steal chickens to eat in the Zhongliang Mountain Range next to the Bai Shiyi Station.

The police took the leopard cat to the Chongqing Zoo, and after checking, the staff said, this is an adult leopard cat, the body is not injured, it scampered into the residential area, it is estimated that the weather is cold, down the mountain for food. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of services and products to the public.

Mr. Zhou, a staff member at the Chongqing Zoo, said: "The leopard cat is a local species in Chongqing, it is a national second-grade protected animal, it is a wild leopard cat, it is not the same as the pet leopard cat seen in the market."

The staff said they will let the leopard cat settle here for now and will release it back into the forest when conditions are ripe.

 
        