---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 2015d29781a43f2744886f54c5ea56e3
summary:
- '# The location of the wild dog maze in Jiangnan Hundred Scenes of Jiangnan.'
- '**Summary of the Hundred Views of Jiangnan** **Maze of Wild Dogs Location Map**'
- This means that the detailed location of the wild dog in Jiangnan Hundred Scenes
  Painting, you can find the correct location according to the above illustration.
tags:
- location
- painting
- distributed
title: ' The location of the wild dog maze in the Hundred Views of Jiangnan '
---

 # The location of the wild dog maze in Jiangnan Hundred Scenes of Jiangnan.

Author：Internet Source：JiuYou Release Time：2020-11-19 09:45:00 Mobile Subscribe

Tags: Labyrinth

Where are the wild dogs in Gangnam Hundred Views? Many players don't know where to look for them, but they are generally distributed inside the wild dog maze, and there are three of them, and the location of each one may not be so detailed.

**Summary of the Hundred Views of Jiangnan** **Maze of Wild Dogs Location Map**

Wild dogs are inside the maze, there are three of them in the maze and the last one is at the end of the fog.

Finding method.

1.Click on the statue in front of the mist to unlock the first piece of the mist;

2, enter the fog, point the door, one by one, some pay coins to disperse the fog;

3. Besides a dog, there is also a chicken in the mist. 4.

4. Walk slowly through the maze, go through a few doors and go around more to find the wild dog.

I really like it! When I was a child studying Chinese painting, I often had the same dream, in which I was looking at a painting (I didn't know it at that time, and I had never seen "Along the River During the Qingming Festival"), and when I looked at it, I walked into the scroll, and then all the scenes in the painting came to life. I had this dream for many years until I received a greeting card from a classmate when I graduated from elementary school, and I learned the name of the painting through the face of the card.

When I saw the animated Riverside Scene of Qingming Festival at the China Pavilion during the World Expo, I was particularly touched by the dream and the prosperity of the scenery in the painting.

This means that the detailed location of the wild dog in Jiangnan Hundred Scenes Painting, you can find the correct location according to the above illustration.

**Jiangnan Hundred Views** Type: _ Simulation_ Platform: _ Android_ Status: _Upcoming Test_

No Download for Android No Download for Apple

 
        