---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 23b5dee2e76c928174b89e0d3b7c8ff3
summary:
- At the same time, the African wild dog has the advantage of being a very strong
  team player, and when fighting, African wild dogs are very united, which can be
  clearly seen in contrast to the loose spotted hyenas.
- When fighting, the African wild dog is very united, which is obvious when compared
  to the loose spotted hyena.
tags:
- african
- hyena
- hyenas
title: ' The Battle of the African Steppe for Ranking! Wild dog [UNK] hyena, who is
  the real African penis? '
---

 When it comes to the little tyrant on the African grasslands, the "flat-headed brother" honey badger must be the one to beat. "Who could it be? Many people think of them as spotted hyenas, but when it comes to another fierce little bully, the spotted hyena is anything but.

The African Hyena is about 1 meter long and weighs up to 70 pounds, they look more like an adult Chinese Cavalier.

According to zoologists, although African hyenas fight in packs, and even lions dare to fight, if they encounter a pack of African wild dogs, they will leave in a huff. The African hyena and the spotted hyena both have the same trick, which is to "gut" each other's anus, and from a technical point of view, the African hyena is the originator of "gutting".

And because the African wild dog is faster, it is more capable of fighting, so if you have to find a natural enemy for the spotted hyena in Africa, it is definitely the African wild dog. Moreover, zoologists introduce that since ancient times, the relationship between the African wild dog and spotted hyena is that of an arch enemy, no matter which side meets the single, they will bite them to death, and will not eat the meat, but will wander around with the corpse in their mouths, showing off to other animals.

At the same time, the African wild dog has the advantage of being a very strong team player, and when fighting, African wild dogs are very united, which can be clearly seen in contrast to the loose spotted hyenas. When fighting, the African wild dog is very united, which is obvious when compared to the loose spotted hyena. Some spotted hyenas don't get along with each other, and often live a solitary life, which is very hard to see for the African wild dog.

Once a zoologist photographed the scene of a duel between African wild dog and spotted hyena, and saw that when the war began, the wild dog, with its small size advantage, got under the spotted hyena's belly and began to gnaw wildly. The tail of the hyena prevents the African wild dog from taking advantage of the weakness. It can be said that in the beginning of this war, the spotted hyena was the weak link.

The African Wild Dogs are very territorial, and their territorial range is between 200km and 2000km depending on their numbers, with an average number of 40-100 members per team. I don't know who will win and who will lose when they meet the big brother, the honey badger, what do you think?

 
        