---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 23c9b97d45cf0f8e57def55fe0cc418408ae3bee
summary:
- Husky &amp; Co tourism company in Finnish Lapland posted an announcement on social
  networks that it was giving away 20 free husky dogs to caring people because there
  were no tourists during the new crown epidemic.
- She said the company is looking for new owners for the aging huskies, who are not
  ordinary dogs.
tags:
- husky
- huskies
- dogs
title: ' A Finnish Tour Company Gives Away Husky Dogs for Lack of Tourists '
---

 Husky &amp; Co tourism company in Finnish Lapland posted an announcement on social networks that it was giving away 20 free husky dogs to caring people because there were no tourists during the new crown epidemic.

The message said, "Keep the huskies!
We had to give away some of our dogs because of the coronavirus. We hope that these hardworking superheroes will find new homes while getting the love and care they deserve. Will you be the new owner of a friendly husky dog in Siberia or Alaska"?

We are talking about 20 dogs, said Marianna, a representative of Husky &amp; Co, in a comment to local media.

"Due to the impact of the new coronavirus, we don't have the normal peak season and we don't have enough staff. The existing staff does not have enough time to ensure that the dogs are taken care of.
Ninety-eight percent of our clients are foreigners and all their bookings have been cancelled," Mariana told MeNaiset.

She said the company is looking for new owners for the aging huskies, who are not ordinary dogs.

The dogs need a lot of exercise, Marianna said, and their new homes should offer places to run around freely, such as a fenced yard for unrestrained play. The dogs also enjoy traveling with people, such as running or skiing."

She also adds, "Huskies are not domestic dogs, they don't live for you, they live to be with you."

 
        