---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 24c30a836f01b3f04b510bb8d4739f82
summary:
- The last time the King and Queen of Thailand visited Ayutthaya in central Thailand
  on the 21st, Sutheptah was wearing a purple suit and holding the Pomeranian.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures or videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- queen
- sutheda
- sotidhar
title: ' The 42-year-old Queen of Thailand is possessed by a little devil? High heels
  are so colorful and tacky, Sotirida misses the mark! '
---

 2020-11-26 16:02:55 Source: NerdsmithingYo

Report

On the evening of November 25, local time, King Maha Vajiralongkorn and Queen Sultan Suthep attended the Rama VI ceremony.

Queen Suthep's jewelry looked exactly the same as the day before when she went to the Sirikit Foundation on official business, and although the jewelry remained the same, the change in clothing was very obvious.

Queen Sirikit's jewelry is unmatched by the Queen's collection, but her incomparable gems are not available to the wife of the current king. Except for the occasional small set or two worn by the Princess, Sutheda was all about wearing pearls.

  

After the blessing, it was no surprise that there was a nighttime procession.

Sutheda wore a very casual outfit for yesterday's event, a blazer with pants and sneakers that exposed her 50/50 figure disadvantage. This time, she switched back to the Tess suit, which was much more pleasing to the eye, while Sutheda wore ten centimeter heels, which elongated her body's proportions.

Finally, she has the aura of a queen again.

  

  

During the night event, Suthep showed up again with this cute dog, which is a very cute little furry pomeranian. But the dog is not the King of Thailand's. The King of Thailand has poodles, and has also named Fufu as a marshal for the most favored of his pets.

The last time the King and Queen of Thailand visited Ayutthaya in central Thailand on the 21st, Sutheptah was wearing a purple suit and holding the Pomeranian.

  

The dog is known to be a fan, but I don't know if it was intentional or not, but it was fate that they met at the event both times. If Southenda meets this dog at the next Night Walk, it will probably be an arranged session.

Queen Sotidhar liked the dog so much that she carried it for a long walk.

The Queen smiled with pride as she held the dog in one arm and her husband in the other. After the release of the indecent photos of Princess Sinead, the King of Thailand did not refrigerate the Princess, but it still had a very negative impact on the Princess. She is also a member of the Korean government.

  

In the photo, she said, "I'm not going to do anything about this.

The new generation of the royal family is less loved and less powerful than the previous generation. This is mainly due to the fact that the King of Thailand used to enjoy his comfort too much, and if this had not been necessary, he would still be living in Germany, surrounded by his harem.

  

The weather in Thailand was still very hot, but it was rare that the King did not sweat profusely during the nighttime processions, though it may have been because Suthep was holding a small fan and blowing on him the whole time, sweating himself to death and not caring about his makeup.

Sutheda was an understanding angel to the King of Thailand, always carrying with him whatever he needed, and always ready to serve him.

At the same time, he could prevent him from falling down, like a crutch.

  

Queen Suthep's attentiveness and perseverance was something that the impetuous Princess could not learn, and her rise from stewardess to queen was based on her emotional intelligence and ability.

In a year or so, she went from being a queen who kneeled with fear and trepidation at events to the dignified queen she is today. This rapid change is not only a testament to her ability to learn and adapt, but also to the fact that she is indeed the right woman for the position.

  

Sotidhar's overall performance that night was very good, except for one thing.

Sotidhar chose a pair of reflective white high heels, which looked like she was possessed by a demon at night, colorful and tacky as all get out. Then for indoor business, Sutheda chose to change a pair of high heels.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures or videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        