---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 2513f73ce4fe7fc569ccbf68ca86b0c2
summary:
- In addition to these common features, the Probe is also equipped with **HUD Display**,
  **Full LCD Instrument Panel**, **Heated Steering Wheel** and **Automatic Parking**.
- In addition to these common configuration, the Probe is also equipped with **HUD
  head-up display**, **Full LCD dashboard**, **Heated steering wheel** and **Automatic
  parking*** and so on.
tags:
- power
- powerful
- assist
title: ' A king''s duel of powerhouse cadres! Briefly discussing the Boundary Scout
  and the Explorer '
---

 With the increase of national income, more and more young people choose to buy cars to go to work. This not only shows that the standard of living has improved, but also the birth of cars has brought a lot of convenience to people's lives. However, today we will talk about two models suitable for young people to drive and see what makes these cars attractive to them!

**Appearance:**

**Indicator Name** | **Spotters** | **Probe**  
-----------|----|----  
**Length[mm]** | **4646** | 4589  
**Width[mm]** | 1843 | **1860**  
**Height[mm]** **1695** | 1660  
**Wheelbase[mm]** | 2725 | **2731***  
**Ground weight [kg]** | 1710 | 1750  
  
**Interior Decoration:**

**Power:**

**Indicator Name** | **Spotters** | **Probe**  
-----------|----|----  
**Exhaust Volume[mL]** | **1998** | 1984  
**Maximum power[kW]** **174** | 162  
**maximum horsepower[Ps]** | **237** | 220  
**maximum power speed [rpm]** | 5000 | 4500-6200  
**Max. torque [N.m]** | 350 | 350  
**Max. torque speed [rpm]** | 1500-4000 | 1500-4500  
** Cylinder arrangement type** | inline | inline  
**Inlet Type** | Turbocharged | Turbocharged  
**Oil supply method** | Direct Injection | Direct Injection  
**Transmission type**: Hand-operated  
**Number of stops** | 9 | 7  
  
**Space:**

**Other Configurations:**

**Model** | **Price/$10,000** | **Inquiry***  
-----------|----|----  
Explorer | 24 | Asking Price  
Tangyue | 26 | Reserve Price  
  
On top of the configuration, the Pathfinder and the Pathfinder's common configuration are: **LED daytime running lights**, **Side air curtains**, **Brakeforce Distribution (EBD)**, **Collision Warning/Active Braking**.
**Steep descent**, **Front reversing radar**, **Child seat interface**, **Automated parking**, **Tire pressure monitoring**, **Automated parking
**Stability Control (ESP/DSC, etc.)**, **Traction Control (ASR/TCS, etc.)**, **Engine Start/Stop**, **Uphill Assist**, **Mountaineering Assist**, **Traction Control (ASR/TCS, etc.)**.
**ABS**, **Brake Assist (EBA/BAS, etc.)**, **Backup Radar** and **Lane Keeping**, etc. In addition to these common features, the Probe is also equipped with **HUD Display**, **Full LCD Instrument Panel**, **Heated Steering Wheel** and **Automatic Parking**.

In addition to these common configuration, the Probe is also equipped with **HUD head-up display**, **Full LCD dashboard**, **Heated steering wheel** and **Automatic parking*** and so on. Among them.
**HUD heads-up display** Head-up display allows the driver to see important information, such as current speed, without having to look down; **Full LCD instrument panel**
Personalized selection, rich information, vivid effect, support for custom functions, powerful, flexible, easy to connect with the network, peripherals, etc., greater display effects; **Steering wheel heating**
It can make the steering wheel warm in the cold season, so that the driver will not feel the cold discomfort when holding the steering wheel; **auto-parking** can avoid long time braking or need to pull the handbrake frequently.

At the same time, the Pathfinder is also equipped with some of the features that the Pathfinder does not have: **active noise reduction** and so on. Among them, **active noise reduction** eliminates noise, making the driver's environment more quiet.

 
        