---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 27b664bb1613e73ac657ee52bc744f3e
summary:
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides
  information storage services.'
tags:
- saliva
- food
- foods
title: ' Pet cat''s saliva stinks, cat saliva stinks is a disease, 3 easy solutions '
---

 2020-11-26 16:44:57 Source: Small Exhibits Big History

Report

If you have a pet cat at home, most people like to pick the cat up and kiss it. Many pet owners also find that their cats actually have bad breath, or that their saliva smells bad, and after licking their fur, the whole body smells like saliva. There are several reasons for this situation, which pet owners can compare and then deal with.

  

1、The pet cat's mouth has problems

The first thing that comes to mind when a pet cat's saliva smells is a mouth problem. For example, if the cat has not cleaned its teeth for a long time, it may have calculus; if it often eats dry and inflammatory food, it may cause stomatitis; if it lacks vitamins, it may cause mouth ulcers and so on.

  

The pet owner because of these reasons caused by bad breath, then the pet owner should adjust the pet cat's diet, prepare some light, easy to digest food for the pet cat, and then add some vitamin B, this can be purchased in pharmacies, in addition to regular cleaning of the cat's mouth, to maintain oral hygiene.

  

2, pet cats have gastrointestinal problems

When pet cats often eat foods that are not easy to digest, foods that are not good for the stomach, and too much food, they can suffer from poor digestion. At this time, it will make the saliva smelly or the breath heavy.

  

It is recommended that pet owners prepare food for their cats that is easy to digest and good for the cat's intestinal tract. It is also important to feed your pet cat at regular intervals. If the pet cat's gastrointestinal problems are more serious, the cat should be sent to the doctor immediately.

  

3, the pet cat is sick

When the pet cat's saliva is very smelly, and the pet cat is not in good spirits, has poor appetite, and has a low fever, then it should be sick, and when it cannot be determined through observation, it needs to be sent to the veterinary hospital in time to be examined and treated by a doctor.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        