---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 2acf97e2c4cd6e9fc89007ef3480e78e8f5a56fe
summary:
- Therefore, if you choose a cat food with the highest meat content, it will bring
  more nutrition to your cat.
- Grass-fed meat ingredients, with probiotics and prebiotics, the nutrition is more
  easily absorbed, caring for the cat's gastrointestinal tract, and is a good quality
  meat food to improve the master's diet.
tags:
- food
- foods
- cat
title: ' First time owning a cat? Teach you 3 points to choose reliable cat food '
---

 Nowadays, pets have gradually become an indispensable part of every home, and more and more people are paying attention to their pets' nutritional health. However, the quality of the various products on the market varies, and novice shovelers are always worried that they will encounter mines and step on pits, not knowing how to choose the right cat food for their cat owners. You know, if you don't choose the right cat food, your cat's owner will not only suffer from various diseases, but also shorten his life expectancy. As a senior cat slave, I will be years of experience in food selection summarized into three aspects, so that you can easily become an expert in food selection!

 **The first move: see cat food matches the age of the **

Feeding a master is a delicate task, and different ages of masters should choose the appropriate food for their age. Young cats have weaker digestive functions, but they need the most nutrition. Compared to adult cats, young cats have a higher need for DHA. Due to the special gastrointestinal characteristics of young cats, do not change the cat food easily. When the owner grows into an adult cat, he can choose adult cat food or full price cat food. Older cats, as their gastrointestinal functions begin to decline, are more suitable for some soft, glutinous and easily digestible food, otherwise it will bring an excessive burden on their gastrointestinal system.

 **Second move: look at the ingredient list of meat ingredients**

The quality of cat food depends on the formula of the cat food, which is the nutritional composition of the cat food. For cats, the nutritional order of ingredients is fresh meat&gt;meat meal&gt;vegetables. Low-end cat food is mostly made from plant ingredients such as rice and wheat, rather than meat ingredients. Such cat food will not only increase the burden on the owner's kidneys, but also become a potential source of disease for the cat in the future. The ingredients are listed in order of content. Therefore, if you choose a cat food with the highest meat content, it will bring more nutrition to your cat. In the long run, the owner will be more and more energetic and will have more resistance.

 **Tip 3: Look at the wallet, and do what you can**.

The scraper must choose a brand that can be fed for a long period of time according to his own financial ability, and avoid changing the food of the owner frequently. If you change your cat's food frequently, your cat is likely to have all kinds of problems, which is troublesome for both the spatula and the owner.

In order to save the trouble of data comparison, function selection and other kinds of food selection, we recommend the following popular and stable quality cat food. (In no particular order)

 **Royal Canin**

A brand not to be missed by novice shovelers. We have a wide range of products, from age and species to lifestyle, to choose the right food for your cat. For those on a budget, this is a good and economical choice.

 **Serengeti Serengeti**

The New Zealand factory is known for its high quality ingredients. The meat protein is more than 80%, which is easy for even picky cats to eat and satisfies their owners' taste buds. Grass-fed meat ingredients, with probiotics and prebiotics, the nutrition is more easily absorbed, caring for the cat's gastrointestinal tract, and is a good quality meat food to improve the master's diet.

 **Desire Orijen**

It is one of the most popular imported cat food, a brand that can be considered by those who have a good wallet. The Six Fish Series contains six kinds of easily digestible animal proteins such as sardines, mackerel, cod, etc., which are good for your cat's muscle building. It is also rich in fiber-rich fruits and vegetables as natural antioxidants.

 **Nutris Nutrience**.

The first impression that veteran shovelers have of Nutriceuticals is that it has a good formula, especially the Nutriceuticals Black Diamond series. More than 12 meat ingredients in the first 12 ingredients on the ingredient list, together with freeze-dried pellets, the animal protein content is exploding. And, you can think of all the beneficial functional nutrients, omega-3, omega-6, chondroitin, L-carnitine, taurine, probiotics are all added, is a high-end cat food in the cost-effective brand, known as "the king of cat food price/performance ratio".

 **The Honest Kitchen**

It is a 100% human grade pet food brand from the United States, with a completely different production process than other cat foods. The main focus is on dehydrated food technology, which keeps the natural nutrition and flavor of the ingredients, and is more in line with the advanced concept of pet care nowadays. The hypoallergenic formula with high calories and low carbohydrate not only meets the nutritional needs of cats, but also solves the problem of heavy tears and soft stools. The addition of warm water and the return to fresh food allows the spatula officer to avoid urinary system diseases without worrying about the cat's drinking water. If the owner of the house is prone to allergies, you can consider this product.

  

 
        