---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 34bee1af25e5784cfd4b1a05bb6f7ca7
summary:
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- teddy
- appearance
- cute
title: ' The cute and sweet Teddy is a hound, but it''s a good thing I didn''t mess
  with him, or else I''d be in trouble! '
---

 2020-11-25 20:51:07 Source: Abdominal Tearer's Week

Report

Would you believe it if someone told you that your Teddy is actually a hunting dog? I know most people think it's impossible, but how can a small, litter-ridden dog be a ferocious hound? Let me tell you then, based on the history of the Teddy's origins and the tracing of its lineage, it really is a terrier.

  

For the record, the Teddy is not a breed of dog, it's just one of the dogs of the Poodle, just like one of the lipstick shades. The origins of the Poodle can no longer be verified in the long history of the Poodle, but there are multiple breeds of dogs involved in its growth, and all we know is that they originated in Europe.

  

Poodles were not bred, but were originally active in marshes, wetlands and rivers, where they were good helpers for hunters, helping them retrieve prey that had been shot in the water, hence the name Poodle.

  

The Poodle's high working ability and intelligence make it easy to retrieve prey, and sometimes kill them directly in the water. Because of the Poodle's strong working ability, the Poodle is much more popular than the Golden Retriever or Labrador in North America and Europe, where hunting is allowed.

  

The Teddy belongs to a kind of poodle, and is naturally such a powerful hunting dog, but due to the small size of the Teddy, even if you find prey is also difficult to bring back, so the general ability to work poodles are relatively large, so the Teddy can only be good as a hound without the ability to work it!

  

Although our Teddy didn't bring back prey, their cute appearance will already fill your heart, after all, we don't raise Teddy for hunting.

  

Do you like Teddy? What do you like about Teddy?

  

Pictures from the network, if any infringement, please contact to delete!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        