---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 35da6127cb17fedb905e6174f298bd88
summary:
- The stray cat climbed 25 floors every day and knocked on the door for food.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- cat
- cats
- suddenly
title: ' A stray cat climbs 25 floors every day and knocks on doors asking for food,
  how does he do it? How to remember the floors '
---

 For example, a domestic cat will become a stray cat after being abandoned, and a stray cat will gradually become a domestic cat after being adopted, so in everyone's subconscious mind, stray cats and domestic cats are the same kind of animal.

But as I understand more and more about stray cats, I find that stray cats and domestic cats are simply 2 different kinds of animals.

Because stray cats are so smart, they sometimes do things that would surprise a human being like me, but recently, I was shocked by a stray cat, and it happened to me.

  

At the beginning of September this year, I bought stomachic tablets online, but when I filled in my address, I misspelled the last digit of the house number as my neighbor's. After learning the truth, I went to my neighbor's house and knocked on his door to get the stuff back.

The time came in mid-October, around 11:00 p.m., when I was walking my dog home (I live on the 25th floor), I got out of the elevator and was shocked when a shadow suddenly flashed in front of me.

I followed the shadow to the stairwell and found that it was a cat, but the cat was afraid of people and very alert.

  

Story Cat

You know, the stairs in the upper floors are spiral, and the surrounding objects are basically the same, which leads to the cat getting lost in the corridor, so at that time, I was worried about whether the cat would not get out and whether it would starve.

Half a month later, when I came back from walking the dog, I saw the cat again, but this time the cat was faster.

  

The Cat's Story

In the evening of mid-November, I was walking my dog home, waiting for the elevator downstairs, when someone suddenly smiled at me.

She said she had three cats at home, and one in the hallway, and here I suddenly realized that the stray cat in the hallway on the 25th floor belonged to her.

Then the scavenger told me the story of this stray cat, and I was only shocked to hear it.

  

The stray cat climbed 25 floors every day and knocked on the door for food.

She said the cat in the hallway was indeed a stray cat, and she wanted to adopt it, but couldn't, because the cat was too aggressive, and the cat found her home by itself.

One night at the beginning of October, when the shovel officer was watching TV at home, she suddenly heard something scratching the door, and opened the door.

But from that day on, the stray cat came every day, at the exact time, around 11:00 p.m. every night, knocking on the door for food.

  

I saw the cat, but the cat was so fierce and vigilant that it wasn't afraid of the scraper, but it ran away and breathed on me when it saw me!

  

How does it work?

Since last night, I still can't figure out how this stray cat did it!

First: How did it find the shovelers house in the first place? How did it know there was food in the shovelers house when it's 25 floors, a high floor, and eight units on a staircase?

Second: After it gets food in the shoveler's house the first time, how does it find it again the second or even third time? As I said before, the stairs on the upper floors are like a maze for cats, once a domestic cat goes out, it will not be able to find its home, so how does this stray cat manage to climb 25 floors every day to get food from the scavenger?

If it weren't for the fact that I saw this stray cat with my own eyes, even if someone else dictated it to me, I wouldn't believe it!

  

The only reason I could think of was that she had thrown the cat's excrement in the downstairs garbage can, and the stray cat might have found it by looking for the smell, but this reason did not convince me.

Although I hadn't thought it through, these things made me realize that stray cats are really smart and spiritual animals, and they know who is good for them, such as this stray cat climbing 25 floors, which only the scavenger who feeds it can approach, and if I go near it, I will be attacked!

Therefore, the stray cats that survive are not ordinary, they are much smarter than domestic cats!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        