---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 366235c3bcf7ae9bba6fa5a595cf43fb5af6f5f7
summary:
- There are many different types of short-legged dog corgi, such as the Pembroke Welsh
  Corgi, the Cardigan Welsh Corgi, and many others.
- The soft, short-legged ones are also quite popular, but when it comes to short-legged
  dogs, it's not just corgis, there are many other breeds of dogs that are short-legged
  too!
tags:
- short
- legs
- dogs
title: ' Except for Corgi, these are all short-legged dogs! '
---

 When you think of short-legged dogs, the first thing that comes to mind is corgi dogs, whose most iconic parts are their short legs and butt! Their short legs and chubby body make them jumpy and happy as they walk.
**The Corgi was originally a cattle dog, its name "Corgi" is Welsh for "corrci" petite. **
They are light as a feather and agile. Early on, they were used to herd cattle precisely because of their short legs, which prevented them from being kicked by cattle.

There are many different types of short-legged dog corgi, such as the Pembroke Welsh Corgi, the Cardigan Welsh Corgi, and many others.
**The Cardigan Welsh Corgi is a cousin of the Pembroke Welsh Corgi and predates the origins of the Pembroke, both of which were bred as cattle dogs. **
Collectively known as short-legged corgi dogs, they are no longer used for herding, but are now treasured by most shovelers as a family dog~!

The soft, short-legged ones are also quite popular, but when it comes to short-legged dogs, it's not just corgis, there are many other breeds of dogs that are short-legged too!

**1、Dachshund**

The Dachshund is also a representative of the short-legged dog, which has a very long body and short legs, like a sausage. The Dachshund originated in Germany and originally meant "badger hunting dog".
** This breed of dog was developed as a scent hunting dog to track and kill badgers and other den dwellers. ** Although they have short legs, but the action is very flexible, running speed is also very fast.

**2、Bulldog**.

Fadoros are literally short-legged, while Englis are slightly larger "short-legged" animals. In both cases, the short legs and short snouts come from underdeveloped cartilage. Bulldogs make excellent companion dogs and are very docile.

**3、Bagiddo**

The Basset Hound has the "proud height" (30-48cm) of the Basset Hound.
The Hound is an ancient and noble breed of hunting dog, also affectionately known as the "French Short-legged Hound", which is said to be descended from the Egyptian Gretchen, the French word "bas" meaning low. The name tag, without looking at the stature, is unquestionable.
** It is popular because of its exceptional long stature, short legs, large and long ears, and aggrieved expression. **

**4、Pug**

Originally from China, the Pug is a small breed of dog whose short limbs and short snout, along with large eyes, make up their uniquely adorable appearance. The most iconic feature of the pug is their facial expression, which is always a very melancholy look!

Although short-legged dogs are cute and walk with more personality than other dogs, they have one fatal weakness:** They are all born with congenital cartilage dysplasia. **
As a result, they are particularly susceptible to the symptoms of lumbar disc herniation.

In particular, dogs that are born with short legs, the direction of impact on their spine is perpendicular to the spine, and due to the short legs, the front and hind limbs can not be very coordinated weight distribution, resulting in a heavier burden on the lumbar spine.
**Over time, this can lead to symptoms of lumbar disc herniation in dogs. **

If you have a Corgi or other short-legged dog because of their short legs or soft farts, be sure to pay attention to their backs and avoid going up and down stairs or climbing obstacles for long periods of time.

 
        