---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 39bc93c6b656b841d653c61ea853c05893dbc6cd
summary:
- '2020-11-28 07:17:39 Source: Qingdao Trip'
- Part of the image source network, if any infringement, please contact to delete!
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- oral
- museum
- dental
title: ' Haven''t you been to the "Mecca" of the world of dentistry? '
---

 2020-11-28 07:17:39 Source: Qingdao Trip

Report

On November 5, the thirteen dynasties ancient capital of Xi'an added a new business card - located in the Third Affiliated Hospital of Air Force Military Medical University, the International Dental Museum held a grand opening ceremony, open to the public free of charge. So, some people have questions, why a museum can be called Xi'an's new business card? The following contents will answer your questions.

  

The museum covers an exhibition area of more than 2,100 square meters, divided into two pavilions with 18 thematic exhibition areas, with more than 7,800 exhibits from more than 30 countries in the world, including fossils of ancient animal teeth and jaws 120 million years ago, to the latest achievements in the world of dentistry. The long history of the collection, the quantity, the quality, the categories and the scale of the exhibition hall are the largest in the world dental museum.

  

Approaching the International Dental Museum alone, you will be amazed at its collections, from the fossilized skulls of the Longdan jawed tiger, rhinoceros, Henan class hyena, three-toed horse and other dental and jaw system, to the evolution of the teeth of ichthyosa, amphibians, reptiles and mammals.

  

From gorilla, Lantian ape, Beijing ape, and modern human jawbone models to important records of dentistry since the Paleolithic, Yin, and Qin Han dynasties.

  

From the pedal machines, compressors, leather tigers, manual centrifugal casting machines and other oral medical equipment of different eras, to the early wooden dental education, restoration models, making molds, plaster wax figures and other teaching aids, it is like walking into the time tunnel of the development of human dentistry.

  

In the children's oral experience area, through "I am a little dentist", oral science doll "naughty", tooth brushing demonstration area and so on. The project will allow children to learn and master oral health care knowledge and make their smiles more beautiful through happy play.

  

The International Museum of Dentistry was established to popularize the history and knowledge of dentistry, improve people's oral health awareness, and promote oral health of the entire population, and I believe that after the museum is open to the public free of charge, more and more people will pay attention to oral health, and achieve oral health of the entire population as soon as possible.

Part of the image source network, if any infringement, please contact to delete!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        