---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 3a540b72fdfd3a4950104dca808691ed
summary:
- It is said that the orange cat weighs 9.6 kilograms, which makes it a qualified
  fat cat, but it doesn't eat much and doesn't like to exercise, so it is easy to
  put on weight.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- cat
- cats
- fat
title: ' The Little Milk Cat Becomes a Fat Uncle after Adulthood, Netizens Take a
  Look at the Color: Orange Cat''s Gene Isn''t Bragging '
---

 2020-11-28 06:16:22 Source: Flowers, plants and pets

Report

Cats are the most common animals in our lives, even if we don't have cats at home, we are still likely to meet stray cats on the road.  

Even if you don't own a cat, you are still likely to meet stray cats on the road. What do the stray cats you see look like? Even though they are fed by their mothers, many stray cats are still relatively thin and weak, and their pitiful appearance makes people want to take them home.  

Mr. Su, a netizen, has two cats at home, one of which is an orange cat. Mr. Su said that the orange cat was very skinny when it first arrived at home, but with each passing day, the size of the orange cat has also changed dramatically.  

  

The cat is now a fully grown-up kitten, but it has become a "fat uncle", and from the front, the cat's body is so strong that when it sits down, it has several swimming rings on its belly, and its thick fat feels like it will flow down the next second.

  

Compared to its head, the cat's body is so huge that it looks a bit out of proportion. It is said that the orange cat weighs 9.6 kilograms, which makes it a qualified fat cat, but it doesn't eat much and doesn't like to exercise, so it is easy to put on weight.

  

In addition to the frontal fat, the back of the orange cat is also very amazing, this broad back, as if a muscular man, is it really not raised by grandma?  

  

Many netizens were stunned when they saw the cat, but they also understood in a second when they saw its color: the genes of the orange cat really are not blown.

Although the fat meow is very cute, owners must pay more attention to the health of their cats, such as the inactive orange cat in Wen, owners can spend half an hour every day to play games with their cats, give them more exercise, to help them maintain a healthy body. (Photo material from the web)  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        