---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 3e4f7204d8aaf1535d3d0b7a28b7804bd11c773f
summary:
- The old man built a cart, tied it to the dog, and let the dog pull itself like a
  mule every day.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- man
title: ' Old man trains stray dog to pull himself, netizens: really bad  '
---

 2020-11-27 13:01:50 Source: Don't let your heart fail you

Report

In the streets of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, one often sees a small dog running along the road pulling an elderly man along.

  

However, unlike the stories we've seen before, the dog's owner is not a disabled person, but an able-bodied person.

The dog is also the result of months of deliberate "training" by the old man.

The old man said, the dog is a stray dog, initially picked it up when it was very thin.

  

After keeping it for a few months, he found that the dog slowly became fat, and thought that the dog was very good-tempered and obedient to himself, so he thought of letting it do his own transportation.

  

The old man built a cart, tied it to the dog, and let the dog pull itself like a mule every day.

  

Since the dog knew how to pull a cart, the old man let the dog pull him around the streets every day, twenty or thirty kilometers without any problem.

  

I could see that the old man was very satisfied with it, and said: "I wouldn't sell it for any amount of money, and I wouldn't even trade it for a BMW." ......

  

The old man's support is, of course, the eyes of passersby.

The reporter interviewed an elderly onlooker, who said this: ** Very good! It's entertainment and exercise for the elderly. **

  

After the video was released, netizens were outraged ......

I thought rescuing stray dogs was a good thing, but what you're doing back there is not personnel.

What is the enjoyment of the elderly? Letting a dog that weighs less than 50 pounds pull you over an able-bodied man that weighs 150 pounds, and you call that enjoyment?

Taking advantage of a dog's simple kindness and trust in you to get attention is really bad!

And then look at the side of the dog, the eyes full of despair, a look at the daily life is no small amount of suffering ......

  

You can save yourself the trouble of talking about dog abuse in such a refreshing way and bragging about it everywhere ......

  

And besides, how can you drive a car like this on the road? Who is responsible if something goes wrong?

I hope that the next time he "drives a dog" on the road, the people who see can report to the traffic police, such behavior is not only dog abuse, but also illegal.

  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        