---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 3edd5e20964eae089e7a71c0e214a71a
summary:
- In addition, more than half of all Garfield cats suffer from heart disease, which
  is also related to their genes and cannot be cured.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- cats
- cat
- diseases
title: ' Why don''t many people want to own a Garfield? The reason is too real, no
  money can really afford it! '
---

 2020-11-26 17:00:48 Source: War Cheat Sheet

Report

I'm sure most people really like Garfield! Garfield not only looks cute, but also has a very cute personality. The Garfield I've seen is super clingy and never messes up, and when there's nothing to do, he just lies quietly by the side and sleeps and stares, so he's really a good pet. However, my friends who have had cats for many years have told me that many people are actually reluctant to raise Garfield, although they are indeed very pleasant to look at, but they can't afford to do so because they are too realistic.  

  

Those who have owned a Garfield must know that compared with Persian cats and garden cats, Garfield can be called a "cat-brand cash-crushing machine", and the money they spend on them each month can almost equal their living expenses. This is mainly because of the congenital defects of Garfield. Garfield's mouth and nose have a special structure, which makes them vulnerable to upper respiratory tract diseases, especially in spring and autumn.

  

In addition, more than half of all Garfield cats suffer from heart disease, which is also related to their genes and cannot be cured. Generally speaking, if they carry the gene for heart disease, Garfield will become ill in adulthood and sometimes even go into shock or coma, which is really heartbreaking. Cats are not only our friends, but also our family members. If a cat gets sick, we will have to spend a lot of money and energy, which will undoubtedly add a lot of burden to us.

  

Most Garfield's tear ducts are easily clogged, so we need to buy specific medications for them from time to time, and take them to the hospital for checkups and prescriptions to reduce the chance of eye inflammation. It must be said that owning a Garfield is the same as having a cash machine in the house, and this is why people like Garfield but don't dare to own one.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        