---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 3f1d1cc59a35a4a142b098dcba39b323b7ceda53
summary:
- As I said above, poodles can be divided into different body types, but in fact,
  for Teddy, it is generally referred to as a toy poodle.
- So, if it's a poodle of another size, it can't be called a teddy.
tags:
- hair
- poodle
- poodles
title: ' The difference between a poodle and a teddy, after reading this, I finally
  understand! '
---

 Many people are still confused about the relationship between a poodle and a teddy, so what is the difference between a poodle and a teddy? After reading the following, I finally understand, have you figured out how they are related?

I. What is a Poodle?

The Poodle, also known as the "Poodle" or "Poodle Curl", is known for its water hunting and is a water hound. Poodles are classified by AKC standards as Standard, Miniature and Toy based on their size. The FCI classifies them as Giant, Standard, Miniature, and Toy.

II. What is a Teddy?

Teddy is a grooming modality, the same as the Poodle's sporting, continental style. So it's perfectly fine to say that a Teddy is a Poodle, but not all Poodles can become a Teddy.

Third, what is the difference in appearance?

1. Body type

As I said above, poodles can be divided into different body types, but in fact, for Teddy, it is generally referred to as a toy poodle. So, if it's a poodle of another size, it can't be called a teddy.

2、Mouth

Poodle has the norms of a poodle, but as the ideal "Teddy", the mouth is shorter and smaller (not too wide) is better; so that after future hair will look like a small ball, of course, now purchased dogs, slightly longer mouth can also be trimmed to embellish.

3、Modeling

Regarding styling, only those VIPs that are trimmed in a teddy bear style and look as cute as a teddy bear when trimmed and shaped can be called "Teddy".

4、Color

Poodles come in a variety of colors, including white, black, gray, brown, etc. Black is the classic color for poodles, giving people a calmer feeling, while Teddy is mainly brown, but other colors also exist, but rarely.

How to keep it in daily life?

1. Daily combing

Poodles have curly hair, so it is best to keep grooming them every day, otherwise the hair tangles easily. Poodle, it is best to prepare a needle comb, row comb, use the needle comb to comb the reverse hair, comb through the hair once, roughly the hair, and then, with the row comb layer by layer thoroughly combed again.

2. Deworming and vaccination

No matter what breed of dog you have, deworming and vaccinations are a must. The vaccine is usually played at about 45 days, remember to play the vaccine for about a week before taking the dog out.

The dog deworming words, generally divided into internal and external, so deworming words, internal and external are to do well oh.

3, from an early age to train well

Teddy is 3-6 months old is the "golden age" of training, during this time you can teach Teddy spot urination and defecation, food refusal training, hand-holding, sitting and lying down training, you can combine the training with some small snacks, such as "greedy chicken jerky", Teddy will learn! Faster and more cooperative oh, but do it with clear rewards and punishments so that Teddy doesn't get into the bad habit of thinking he gets rewarded for everything he does!

4. Eat a healthy diet

It's important to make sure that the diet you give your Teddy is healthy. If the dog eats indiscriminately, it will have an impact on their health, which may lead to rough hair, fading, tears, etc. So, choose a light and healthy staple food, such as "greedy dog food", which contains deep-sea fish oil, to supplement their diet.

It contains deep-sea fish oil, Omega-6 and Omega-3 fatty acids, as well as kelp powder, which helps restore the pet's hair's natural color, increase pigmentation and promote hair growth. It's also a good idea to take your dog for a sunbathing session, as it's good for the dog's hair.

Conclusion: How do you judge a Teddy and a Poodle?

 
        