---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 42cc930de9894266439ef4c91560f72a1985d9f1
summary:
- Recently, a city is now fighting and catching dogs again.
- No matter how many dogs are caught, how many dogs are killed, as long as there are
  uncivilized dog breeders or people who don't want to breed dogs and throw them away
  at will, this phenomenon will never end.
- There are very few civilized dog owners, who always think that their dogs will not
  bite people.
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- social
title: ' A civilized city can''t tolerate stray dogs, it''s better to control the
  uncivilized dog owners than to keep arresting them. '
---

 "Do you hear me wailing? But I still have to cry out for my pain, bloodshed struggle, when bat after bat hit me on my body my head, do you know my blood tears themselves blurred my eyes, struggle, fear, blood dripping miserable screams roll trying to stand up and fall back down convulsions and gasp for breath mournful grief pale face, they howl, the whole world should listen to.

Recently, a city is now fighting and catching dogs again. Seeing the dog being beaten by law enforcement officers, some netizens issued the above sentiment.

Hopefully, many dog owners will feel uncomfortable seeing something similar. This is not a civilized city in itself, but a civilized city should be more tolerant, not for the sake of a title to deprive other species of the right to live. The earth is never just human, two days ago I saw the circle of friends are brushing the dog fighting thing, heart really uncomfortable.

No matter how many dogs are caught, how many dogs are killed, as long as there are uncivilized dog breeders or people who don't want to breed dogs and throw them away at will, this phenomenon will never end. Dogs can't talk, not on a leash to be discarded are not their choice, trouble the government to manage uncivilized dog breeders instead of always catching dogs. Dogs must be reported to do dog license, walking dog fibre rope, dog shit to be disposed of, heavy punishment should be people, fines more than ten thousand yuan. There are very few civilized dog owners, who always think that their dogs will not bite people.

Many stray dogs are mostly abandoned pet dogs and breeding offspring, doubling the breeding rate to increase social costs, leading to acute social conflicts, no sale is no harm, from the source management of breeding and trafficking, the strict implementation of local dog management regulations, increasing the intensity of the punishment for illegal dog breeding, those who abandon or distort the psychology of dog breeders is condemned.

 
        