---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 447f1f0b215e06c23e6f5a363bc50231
summary:
- '**The Siberian Husky is a primitive and ancient breed of dog that is relatively
  docile and is a popular pet dog around the world, ranking with the Golden Retriever
  and the Labrador as the top three non-aggressive dogs, and is widely bred by people
  around the world.'
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- working
title: ' Shovelers, do you know how to read your dog breed in English? '
---

 Last weekend, I was standing on a small terrace in Wudaoying with a glass of hot red wine and a few friends, enjoying a leisurely life that I couldn't dream of on a weekday. Suddenly one guy got up after looking at his watch with a serious expression, and just as we were trying to figure out which words were not in place, he said, "Sorry, the dog hasn't left yet, I'll go first. I also silently screamed in my heart that I had forgotten something important.

Hello everyone, formal introduction, ** this is my little ice cream, is a member of the short-legged army, a delicate little boy ** . English name **Ice Cream**.
He is a little **corgi** who loves to bark, eat and cling, and will bring me unconditional love at all times. He also likes to hold toys in his mouth for me to tug of war with him. I hope you like him too~!

I wonder if you have one of these **furry family members** in your home? **Today we're going to talk about dogs in English**, so you can be with your foreign friends, regardless of borders!
**Intercultural exchange** Happy dog handjob.

**01**

**Dog's English Name**

The most widespread term is definitely the one we all know as **dog**, and puppies can be called **puppy** (mostly referring to young) and **doggie***.
(mostly refers to small size), but there are quite a lot of dog species, basically have their own scientific name, today here to introduce the common 10 species, to see which ones you are most rare, right!

**1\. golden retriever** **[ ɡo ld n r tri v r]**[ ɡo ld n r tri v r]**

**Golden Retriever**

**One of the most common domestic dogs, easy to raise, patient and demanding of their owners, one of the first retrievers, mostly used as a guide dog and pet dog. Very friendly to small children or babies; ranked fourth in the world for breed IQ. **

**2\. husky[ h ski]**

**Husky(Siberian Husky)**

**The Siberian Husky is a primitive and ancient breed of dog that is relatively docile and is a popular pet dog around the world, ranking with the Golden Retriever and the Labrador as the top three non-aggressive dogs, and is widely bred by people around the world. It is widely bred around the world. **

**3 \\\. corgi[ k rɡi]**.

**Corgi (Welsh Corgi)**

**The Corgi is a small dog, they are very bold and quite alert and can guard their home with great vigilance, making them one of the most popular small guard dogs. **

**4 Dusk. pug[p ɡ]**.

**Pekingese (Pug)**

The **Pug is a small, affectionate, loving breed, and this dog's excellent cleanliness is the main reason for its popularity. The forehead is retracted, very bright, and full of enthusiasm when excited; the eyes are large and very dark in color, prominent and striking, with peaceful and eager eyes. **

**5 \. labrador retrievor [l br d r r tri v r]**

**Labrador(Retriever)**

**The Labrador, also known as a Retriever, is a medium to large breed of dog that is well suited to be chosen as a guide dog or subway police dog for frequenting public places, as well as search and rescue dogs and other working dogs. **

**6\. border collie [ b rd r kɑ li]**

**Frontiersman (Scottish Border Collie)**

**The Scottish Sheepdog, also known as the Collie, is a type of sheepdog that originated in Scotland. From ancient working dogs to the protagonists of movies and TV shows, the Collie has impressed people with its alertness, intelligence, and hard work, making it a star dog that will stay with people for life. **

**7\. German shepherd[ d rm n ep rd]**

**Blackback/Wolfhound (German Shepherd)**

The **German Shepherd Dog, also known as the German Blackback (Bay). They are agile and suited to an action-oriented work environment, and they are often deployed for a variety of tasks. Because of their large size, powerful appearance, and high working ability, they are active worldwide as military dogs, police dogs, search and rescue dogs, guide dogs, sheepdogs, ornamental dogs, and domestic pets. **

**8\. samoyed[ s m jed]**

**Samoyed (Siberian)**

**The Samoyed, originally bred by the Samoyed tribe of Siberia's aboriginal people, is mischievous and spirited until it is one year old. It is alert, strong, flexible, beautiful, noble and elegant, cute, with a very attractive appearance, the "smiling angel" title, also has a "smiling angel face, trickster devil inside" said. **

**9 \. poodle[ pu dl]**

**Teddy(Poodle)**

**The Poodle, also known as the "poodle" or "poodle", Pudel, which means "splash" in German, is a member of the canine subfamily. The origin of the Poodle is as murky as the water in which it has been dragged out of its prey. **

**10\. akita[ kit]**

**Akita**

**The Akita is the national dog of Japan and is the family pet dog in Japan. The Akita is the largest fox breed in Japan. In Japan, the Akita is a dog of national historical and cultural significance, a national dog, famous for the "Eight Faithful Dogs" and the only large dog among Japan's designated national natural monuments. The dog is very brave, sensitive, loyal and intelligent, and there are many stories about its loyalty. **

Isn't it so cute to see these furry four-legged beasts that you want to take them all home! We often use **cute, lovely**.
If you want to describe these cute creatures, you can say something stronger, such as **adorable for emphasis**: they are very, very cute; if you want to describe a dog as smart, you usually use the word "smart".
**smart**; if you want to compliment a friend's active dog: **lively and energetic are both good choices**; if you want to be more specific.
**fluffy is definitely a super important adjective** that means "furry", "fluffy"; in addition, there are other words like: **fluffy
Butt, fluffy mane, fluffy paws** can also be used frequently.

**02**

**Body Language of Dogs**

For a fur baby who can't talk, **not being able to communicate with you smoothly must be a big disappointment***.
They have a wide range of needs and ideas, but they express them in a variety of ways. But they have a variety of ways to express all kinds of needs and ideas. Let's see if you really know your four-legged fur baby.

**1 Dusk. Happy**.

The most common one would be the tail wagging it, and I believe that everyone who owns a dog has experienced the beautiful moment of coming home from work and opening the door to be pounced on by a tail-wagging meatball. No doubt, seeing you must be the highlight of his day, so he will often!
**wag its tail** (wag its tail); if you are happy to watch him, he will **jump up** (jump up) **cling to** (cling to)
(picking) your leg, **circle** (circle) around you, or even happily **run around** (run around); if he's happier, you can hear him talking-.
**bark** (bark) **, mock growl** (pretend growl).

**2\. Playing together**.

If the dog **bows down with its front lowered** (front half of body on the ground) **and its rear in the air
With tail wagging**, he is saying I love you and inviting you to play with him. This is the time to drop what you're doing for a while and have fun with him!

**3 Dusk. Bare stomach**.

Dogs generally like to **lie on its stomach** (lie down), but will **roll over if it says "yes" or because it feels safe and happy!
onto its back** **and display its belly**. **It wants its
belly rubbed as well** (he also wants you to touch his belly, which is commonly known as jerking off).

**4\. uneasy***.

If the dog **lays its ears close to its head with narrowing eyes** (puts its ears down close to its head with narrowing eyes**),
**and its body is held low** (body lowered), go and comfort him, he may be feeling uneasy.

**5\. Boss**.

If the dog **holds its ears upwards or forwards** (ears up or forward) **and stares with eyes
wide open** (open eyes stare), **its body is carried tall** (body is carried high), **possibly with
**its tail is held straight up** (tail is standing up) **and
the dog may grunt from a closed mouth**, **it is dominant** (from a closed mouth makes a low growl)
(in a dominant position).

 
        