---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 44d4689cafcf082666cdd8cc9d241cc3
summary:
- '**Man discovers "mystery cave", pours Coke in, and out comes the "beast"!'
- Man Finds "Mystery Cave," Pours Coke In, and Out Came the "Beast"!
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the self-media platform "Netease", which only provides
  information storage services.'
tags:
- man
- coke
- feel
title: ' Man Discovers "Mystery Cave", Pours Coke in, and Out Came the "Beast"! '
---

 2020-11-24 20:31:37 Source: Colorful Kite Tour says

Report

**Man discovers "mystery cave", pours Coke in, and out comes the "beast"! ***

Burrows are a great hiding place for many creatures. A small anteater was looking for ants when it was discovered by a hyena. The anteater was no match for the hyena and found a burrow when it was about to lose its life, and dug in to avoid the hyena's pursuit.

  

Because the interior of the cave is unknown, it is very likely that you will encounter danger if you make rash contact. Here's what this man did. Man Finds "Mystery Cave," Pours Coke In, and Out Came the "Beast"! When the foreigner came to the farmland to work, he accidentally found a small cave.

  

He found a small cave in which he caught some fat fish. The man was so overjoyed that he was ready to go home when he heard a noise in another place. The man wondered if there were also big fish in the cave, so he took the Coke he had brought with him into the cave and soon a head appeared.

  

The man didn't get a good look, but when the creature came out, he realized that it was a small crocodile. Fortunately, he found it before it was too late, or else he would have been bitten by it. I didn't know Coke could be used for this purpose, but it's a shame to pour so much Coke into an unknown cave.

  

I don't know if you guys have ever caught any strange animals with Coke, feel free to leave your comments below.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the self-media platform "Netease", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        