---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 4782ba1179ae663448448d6e608801311b29e675
summary:
- According to a report by the Korean media, Park, who was introduced to the original
  owner of the dog, Mr. A, adopted the two dogs for free from Mr. A on May 17, promising
  that he would treat the dogs as children.
tags:
- park
- prison
- mr
title: ' An old man who adopted a pet dog as a child and immediately killed it for
  meat was sentenced to prison. '
---

 Incheon District Court

A 74-year-old Korean man, Park Mok, adopted two dogs and promised the owners that he would "treat them like children," but unexpectedly he killed the dogs less than two hours after adopting them and made them into a "tonic soup. On November 23, the Incheon District Court sentenced Mr. Park to six months in prison for "fraud" and "violating animal protection laws. However, this did not quell the public's anger, as more than 62,000 Korean netizens have so far petitioned on the Cheong Wa Dae petition board, demanding that he be severely punished.

According to a report by the Korean media, Park, who was introduced to the original owner of the dog, Mr. A, adopted the two dogs for free from Mr. A on May 17, promising that he would treat the dogs as children. In the evening around 9:00, A out of concern, to go to Park home to see the condition of the dogs, who said Park "has sent the dogs to other places".

_Top: Jindo Dog_

Mr. A told the police, "I asked Mr. Park to take a picture of the dog and send it to me, but the picture he sent me was not of the dog I gave him, so I asked him to return it and he scolded me.

After A called the police, Park claimed to have sold the dog to a dog butcher for 100,000 won (about $600). The police investigation found that Mr. Park and his friend Mr. B had already agreed to eat the dog's meat, and that he intentionally adopted it, then commissioned Mr. C, the owner of the slaughterhouse, to slaughter and cook it for 120,000 won.

After a trial that lasted several months, Mr. Park was sentenced to six months in prison by the Incheon District Court, while Mr. B and Mr. C were sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for one year.

 
        