---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 49f4d37adbbc3b39bc6b3f3bc2602843d003f0de
summary:
- As a target of "one more scale to pursue" by the high-end urban SUV enthusiasts,
  the Haval Dagoo 2.0T all-wheel drive model, once "out of the cage", is armed with
  off-road performance comparable to that of SUVs of more than 300,000 joint ventures,
  making everyone very excited.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- gifts
title: ' HAVER DOG 2.[UNK] 4WD 4+6 for all-terrain play '
---

 Recently, at the Guangzhou International Auto Show, Haval Dagoo "Chinese Garden Dog Edition" officially opened for pre-sale, which is the most cost-effective model among the Haval Dagoo 2.0T 4WD. As a target of "one more scale to pursue" by the high-end urban SUV enthusiasts, the Haval Dagoo 2.0T all-wheel drive model, once "out of the cage", is armed with off-road performance comparable to that of SUVs of more than 300,000 joint ventures, making everyone very excited. This new "3/4 scale vehicle" is expected to lead the young people who have been "captive" in the city for a long time to start a "tidal and wild conquest journey" with a great sense of energy.

**Targeting** **3/4** **Scale** **Z** **Generation** **Haver big dog opens the "man-car-life" experience**

With the product concept of "3/4 scale car", Haval Dog is destined to become the focus of attention of users and the market from the very beginning. In the era of information explosion, the traditional 5-10 year plan for automobile R&amp;D is increasingly unable to meet the growing interest of young consumers in powder attraction and expansion. Relying on its many years of expertise in SUVs, Haval has created a new 3/4 scale on the axle of its models and created the "3/4 scale car" Haval Dagoo. It adds more possibilities than the 2/4 city SUVs, but does not give up the urban life scene like the 4/4 hard-core off-roaders. Without balking at the city center for 50 kilometers or being afraid of the unknown and possibilities ahead, the 3/4 scale car truly satisfies the new lifestyle of Generation Z young people.

The Haval Dagoo 1.5GDIT model, which is already on the market, has already led users into a new experience of "people, car and life" from a three-dimensional perspective. First, it brings young users "unprecedented driving pleasure". Relying on the Lemon platform, the engine, transmission and chassis of the HAVER DAGON are all excellent in performance, which brings the courage and strength to go, no matter how fast it drives in the city or through mountains and rivers.

Secondly, it will bring young users an "unprecedented geek experience" with the V3 intelligent platform, rich interaction and fun, and an interface that can be changed at will to achieve true customization. 10,000 Big Dogs will have 10,000 kinds of STYLE cars.

Thirdly, it provides "unique social currency" for young users. Haval Dagoo is created for the urban people who desire to turn "living and living" into "life" and bring them out of the comfort zone of survival.
It is a way to get out of the boredom of ordinary days and open the 3/4 scale on the radius of life. The interesting soul and the playful attitude towards life will be connected with each other through the Haval Dagger.

Therefore, the four models of Haver big dog 1.5T were adopted by dog owners as soon as they were launched on the market, which is a perfect match with the 3/4 scale people who pursue multi-faceted wonderful life and starts the trend of crazy dog petting.

**play all-terrain** **haver big dog** **2.0** **four-wheel drive release** **3/4** **tidal field energy**

If the Haval Dagoo 1.5T is ready for the 3/4 scale crowd, the launch of the Haval Dagoo 2.0T 4WD model further demonstrates the perfect integration and strengthening of the "3/4 car" for the 2/4 scale and the 4/4 scale.

In terms of power, the HAVER DAGON 2.0T 4WD is equipped with the 2020 "Heart of China" Top 10 2.0T GDI engine, which is further tuned for off-road use, enabling it to display its advantages of high efficiency and low emissions in high-speed conditions. Bursting with maximum torque, it exerts its efficiency to get out of trouble easily.

Moreover, as the only load-bearing SUV within 300,000 equipped with two locks, the Haval Dagoo 2.0T is even tougher. One of the locks is the central electronically controlled differential lock of the Haldex all-wheel drive system, while the other lock is the "soul of high-performance off-road vehicles" - the rear axle electronically controlled mechanical tooth differential lock, which can help the vehicle achieve 100% torque transfer between the wheels, making the complex It is easy to get out of road conditions, and makes driving on snow and ice more stable and smooth.

The HAVER DOG 2.0T 4WD is ready for extreme conditions including sand, riverbank, mud and other unpaved roads. Equipped with BorgWarner Haldex fifth-generation intelligent four-wheel drive system, the same technology used in mainstream luxury SUVs on the market today, it can achieve transient interactive response between systems within 110 milliseconds, with 1200Nm four-wheel drive system load distribution and transfer capability, front and rear axle torque ratio of up to 50:50, significantly improving the vehicle's ability to overcome obstacles.

When the powerful four-wheel drive system is combined with six all-terrain driving modes: standard, economy, sport, snow, mud, and sand, you can easily "drive your dog to the ends of the earth".
The vehicle control system is designed to automatically adapt to different road surfaces. In six all-terrain driving modes, the vehicle control system can specifically switch the engine, transmission and four-wheel drive control logic to automatically adapt to different surfaces.

With the unique transparent chassis function, the transparency of the transparent chassis can be adjusted to 100% in off-road scenes. Debris, tree stumps will scrape the chassis, even if the novice driver can sit in the car can be in and out of ease, instantly become off-road veteran.

**Fierce beast off the reins** **Pre-sale Dover** **Harvard big dog pre-sale benefits wild distribution**

The Haver big dog "raised" by users out of the cage that was "dog owners" crazy pick, 36 days on the market sales has broken 10,000, the Haver big dog 2.0T four-wheel drive to 16.19 million yuan to open a comprehensive pre-sale, and will cause a trendy play Daren! The dog snatching frenzy - its many upgrades around the high-end user luxury experience, not only to meet the urban SUV enthusiasts upgrade experience, and even make only 200,000 or even 300,000 joint venture SUVs off-road enthusiasts shifting targets.

At present, the car has been pre-sold in Haval Zhijia and five flagship stores in Tmall, Jingdong, Suning, Automobile Home and Easy Car. What's more exciting is that you can also enjoy 7 gifts: Stress Relief Financial Gift, Unlimited Flow Gift, Sincerity Replacement Gift, Super Value Increase Gift, Favorite Maintenance Gift, Lifetime Warranty Gift, and Exclusive Chao Pai Gift. In addition, from the date of order, Haval official also initiated a booking user welfare: through the Haval Wise Home APP to participate in the "million dog food free delivery", every day to "feed" the big dog, can get 50 yuan of car purchase fund, up to the date of listing can be cumulative deduction. Car models, is no more suitable opportunity to start.

Haver big dog 2.0T four-wheel drive has come, tidal wild why save enough 200,000 or 300,000, why wait for the wind and sun when walking the dog, than the city SUV more than a scale of the bottom, the ability to conquer all terrain to go to the ends of the earth, control the dog in the present!

Disclaimer and reminder: This article is reprinted in this website for corporate propaganda information, the information is only for the purpose of publicity and the transmission of more information, does not represent the views of this site, the authenticity of the article please viewers carefully verify!

Source:Netease Auto Local Station Editor:Wang Xiaoyi_NE0011

 
        