---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 4bc50cb8fc06a6c5692dba1898121e07
summary:
- Both in terms of power or size and off-road capability, this 2.0T big dog is also
  somewhat weak compared to its own high-end model, the Tank 300.
- The Haval big dog may be more of a marketing attempt of Great Wall Motor.
tags:
- united
- units
- engine
title: " United Engine\uFF5CWhat is a big dog with two legs and a wild dog with four\
  \ legs? "
---

 Perhaps the 2020 epidemic has exacerbated the winter in the auto market, further amplifying the pressure on car companies. Even the domestic SUV leaders are beginning to show signs of weakness. Although Haval SUVs are still able to maintain a certain lead in the market, they have begun to lack momentum. In particular, the Haval H6, from March to August "stable" play, sustained performance of more than 20,000 units, did not achieve a greater increase in sales, but also to the successor CS75
PLUS sees the hope of overtaking in the future. If there is a loss in Haval H6 market sales, it will have a significant impact on Great Wall's development.

Therefore, Great Wall Motor quickly launched the third generation Haval H6 at the end of August to further enhance its product strength and protect its precarious market position. Although the monthly sales of 40,000 units is not the greatest glory for the Haval H6, it is not easy in this year's market environment. Of course, Great Wall also understands that we can't rely on Haval H6 to fight alone at this moment, and the former main F-series Haval F7 and Haval F5 can't carry the banner anymore, and Haval F7's monthly sales this year are only floating around 10,000 units, which has no impact. The Haval F5 is equal to the existence of waste, the average monthly sales of less than 2,000 units is equivalent to marginal performance.

Therefore, it is necessary to launch another "H6" with more personality and more obvious differentiation to stabilize the rivalry. That's right, it's the current Haval big dog.

Not as good as the VV6?

Finally, at this year's Guangzhou Auto Show, Haval Dogs only announced the pre-sale price of a 2.0T 4WD model, is the pre-sale price of $161,900 expensive? Add 10,000 to that price and you can get the 4WD VV6 (price: 175,000 yuan, dealer reference price of 170,000 yuan)!

The difference between the two models is not really noticeable, and the only advantage that the Haver Dog can demonstrate is the leading differential lock. Its purpose is to improve the car's ability to pass on bad roads. When one of the car's drive axles is idling, it quickly locks up the differential, making the two drive axles rigidly coupled. This allows most, if not all, of the torque to be transferred to the non-sliding axle, making full use of its adhesion to generate enough traction to keep the car moving.

But this is not an environment that most vehicle owners will experience. After all, more consumers' perception of SUVs is still urban use, daily mobility for family use occasionally to walk a bad road, with high throughput can be. Compared to the more professional off-road capabilities, how many locks are there? More consumers are concerned about the richness and practicality of the configuration. By comparing the current product information, it is easy to find that the VV6 is significantly better equipped than the Big Dog.

Take a look at these extra configurations, such as full-speed adaptive cruise control, reverse side warning, parallel assistance, this kind of configuration can effectively relieve driving fatigue while also helping drivers to avoid some safety hazards when driving the vehicle and reversing. The built-in driving recorder avoids the trouble of adding alignment later, and allows the driver to take precautions to prevent accidents before they happen. The various comfort features of the driver's seat and the multi-layered glass will undoubtedly smell better than the center differential locking that many people often don't use.

So, for a price difference of only 10,000 yuan (the price difference will change after launch), it can be traded in for more practical and abundant features, a choice that will undoubtedly be a giveaway for many consumers who don't have off-road aspirations. Another detail is that the VV6 is an urban SUV with R19 tires, while the more off-road oriented HAV 2.0T only has R18 tires. As a domineering, tough and retro Haver big dog in the appearance of the temperament will lose to the VV6?

Not only that, but the VV6's 2.0T has more power than the Havalier Dawg 2.0T. With a small price difference, this pre-sold $161,900 Havalier Dawg 2.0T is still not as good a product as the VV6, except for the hard edge on off-road.

Want to wait for a tank?

For the more off-road-minded consumers, the Haver Dog 2.0T is the more fragrant. Wait a minute, on this side is the $161,900 pre-sold Haval Dog 2.0T, and on the other side is the Tank 300, which is also available for pre-sales, and doesn't the starting price of $175,800 look a little tough? The off-road is purer and more powerful. After all, it costs more than 10,000 yuan to buy a 2.0T + 8AT more high-spec powertrain, does it instantly feel that 2.0T + 7DCT is not good?

Also in terms of body size, both the Big Dog and the Tank 300 are compact SUVs with the following body specifications.

Except for the height of the vehicle, the two vehicles are very similar in other parameters. Both in terms of power or size and off-road capability, this 2.0T big dog is also somewhat weak compared to its own high-end model, the Tank 300. That's why the price is a bit lower, but there's only a $10,000 difference, and it's just a bite of consumer upgrade in the face of true off-road enthusiasts.

What, internal competition? It doesn't exist, it's the same Great Wall system, so who wouldn't buy it?

2.0T 4WD big dog is so embarrassing.

At the current pre-sale price of 161,900 yuan, the Haval Dagoo 2.0T product is in an awkward position. To city SUVs located in the product characteristics, its own Haval H6 will be able to better meet consumer demand. And 1.5T two-wheel drive top model of the product power is also fully able to meet the daily family, saving almost 30,000 yuan of the purchase budget is not fragrant? If you need a higher level of performance in terms of quality and technology, the VV6 can satisfy that, and the VV6 is also available in all-wheel drive. The key is that the higher product image of Wey can give the owner a little bit of BUFF support. As for the product image of the big dog, huh.

The HVAC is a new type of vehicle, the HVAC is a new type of vehicle, the HVAC is a new type of vehicle. The young consumer who occasionally wants to go off-road on a whim? How often does it take to want to go off-road?

For the Harvard Dachshund 2.0T, it is more just to provide personalized and diverse choices. In terms of the product itself, its own advantages are not obvious. In order to pursue personalized needs, in fact, choose the Haval Dagoo 1.5T model is completely sufficient.

Conclusion: By the way, when I was looking for pictures to go with it, I also found that there is one thing I have to complain about in this Haval Dagoo. That is, the rear wheel brows are designed on the doors. The most direct consequence of this is that the rear door shifts mud. When driving in the rain, you'll notice that there is sand all over the inside of the rear door crack. Just running in the city is like this, if you go off-road, the rear door basically can't be opened. Although it does not affect the safety of driving, it will affect the mood of the car owner.

The Haval big dog may be more of a marketing attempt of Great Wall Motor. It's just that this "net-come-made" approach is like a product of the fast-moving consumer era, and perhaps it's also a reflection of Great Wall's anxiety in today's competitive inventory market.

 
        