---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 4dbf8668a3e01e1dddc9f9e64284b808365996bc
summary:
- Scrub typhus is an acute infectious disease caused by Scrub typhus rickettsiae,
  all kinds of rodents are the main source of infection of the disease, scrub typhus
  mite is an important vector of the disease, people have a general susceptibility
  to scrub typhus, patients often have fever symptoms, and at the same time the typical
  rash - scab formation.
tags:
- gao
- fever
- infection
title: ' Qingdao 78-year-old man with recurrent fever for 8 days also had a heart
  attack, actually related to pet dogs '
---

 # Qingdao 78-year-old man with recurrent fever for 8 days had a heart attack, but it was related to his pet dog!

2020-11-28 10:10 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Media

The Peninsula All Media Reporter Qi Juan Correspondent Feng Ping

Recently, a 78-year-old man named Gao Da (a pseudonym) in Qingdao had a recurring fever for eight days and worried everyone in his family. He has muscle and joint pain, abdominal discomfort, loss of appetite, and medication that can only temporarily control his temperature, but who is the culprit?

Elderly man with fever for 8 days causes heart attack

On a mid-October night, 78-year-old Gao came to the emergency department of Shandong University Qilu Hospital (Qingdao) accompanied by his family. After a pre-screening triage and epidemiological history investigation in accordance with the new epidemic prevention and control measures, Dr. Dong Meizhen received the family. The newest member of the family, Dr. Gao's son, was anxious to introduce his father's condition to the doctor. He has had a recurring fever for eight days, with a maximum of 39.1 degrees Celsius, and has been taking antipyretic medication for poor treatment.

The company has a history of over 40 years of experience in the field, and the company has a history of over 20 years of experience in the field. Based on the results of the interview and examination, the doctor tentatively diagnosed the old man as suffering from gallbladder stones and recommended that he be kept under observation for infusion of fluids and further investigation of the cause of the fever.

However, during his stay, Gao suddenly developed chest tightness and breathlessness after using the toilet, and had progressive breathing difficulties. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to its customers. On the one hand, the culprit that caused the fever was still not found; on the other hand, the presence of life-threatening complications greatly increased the difficulty of further diagnosis and treatment.

The doctor immediately reversed the heart rate, used a non-invasive ventilator, and placed a deep venous line to increase fluid pressure, stabilizing the elderly man's rapidly deteriorating condition and gaining a head start on further diagnosis and treatment. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.

The fever is the culprit. The layers of mystery are solved.

Although the symptoms of chest tightness and fever were temporarily relieved, there was no clue as to the culprit of the fever, and the heart attack was in urgent need of further treatment, the doctor's re-examination still failed to find the suspected infection focus and pathogen. The main culprit for the fever of Master Gao is what? Are fever and breath-holding the same culprit?

To solve these mysteries, the emergency department took a multi-pronged approach. First, the current treatment protocol was reviewed, and after many consultations and case discussions, the possibility of infectious fever was considered high, so the physicians expanded the types of medications to cover cocci, viruses, atypical pathogens, etc. Second, the emergency physicians repeatedly performed physical examinations to confirm that the elderly had no skin rash, but no other positive signs were found. Secondly, the emergency physician repeatedly performed physical examinations on the old man and confirmed that he had no skin rash, but no other positive signs were found. Again, various targeted tests were performed, including testing for antibodies to hemorrhagic fever, new bunyaviruses, brucella antibodies, and blood cultures, but the results were all negative.

On the one hand, the family was distraught, and on the other hand, the cause of the disease was puzzling. The doctor asked if the patient had a fever caused by an infectious disease, and then asked if he had a pet dog at home. According to the common pathogens, the doctors changed the anti-infective drugs and tried to find the pathogens through second generation gene sequencing.

It is gratifying that in the process of diagnosing the cause of the disease, with the help of drugs and non-invasive ventilator support, Mr. Gao's acute heart attack gradually stabilized and his cardiac function was effectively improved, which made doctors see the light at the end of the tunnel. What's more, Gao's body temperature was well controlled and his condition further improved.

It's not just a matter of time, but it's also a matter of time before you'll be able to get your hands on a newborn child.

What is Scrub typhus?

Scrub typhus is an acute infectious disease caused by Scrub typhus rickettsiae, all kinds of rodents are the main source of infection of the disease, scrub typhus mite is an important vector of the disease, people have a general susceptibility to scrub typhus, patients often have fever symptoms, and at the same time the typical rash - scab formation. The scrub typhus is very small, no more than 2 mm long as an adult, and prefers a moist, dark environment; if it crawls onto a person, it will often bite the perineum, armpit, groin and other hidden parts of the body, which are not easily detected. Scrub typhus can cause liver function, respiratory, cardiac function, and neurological damage, as well as the potential for cardiovascular accidents. People who engage in outdoor activities, have pets in the home, and experience similar symptoms should take extra care to screen for the disease.

The first time I was in the hospital, I had to go to the hospital to see a doctor. The company's products have been sold in the U.S. and Europe, and the U.S. market is expected to grow by 2030.

Keywords &gt;&gt; Media Release

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Related Recommendations

## Comment ()

 
        