---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 4ebc1902fc55a0108126085e416ac33a
summary:
- Corgi owners should never forget to vaccinate their dogs, as they are still small
  and may be weak at 3-6 months of age.
- At 3 months of age, the corgi's teeth are also developing and their stomachs are
  much stronger, so it's time for owners to try feeding them a little dry food.
tags:
- corgi
- regular
- regularly
title: ' How should pet owners take care of Corgi during the "golden period" of 3~6
  months? '
---

 Corgi dogs are 3 months old, which is equivalent to a 6-year-old child, their physical and mental development will change a lot at this stage, and 3 to 6 months is the golden period of Corgi, seize this stage, the dog is well behaved and beautiful, so how should pet owners take care of them at this stage?

1、Form the habit of feeding at regular intervals.

After 3 months of age, a Corgi's digestive system is generally more complete. The owner can change the feeding time at this time, two or three times a day, to help the dog develop the habit of **regularly scheduled feedings. **

Occasionally, you can cook some chicken, beef, cabbage, etc. for Corgi, but be careful not to overcook it, just a little bit. If the dog doesn't eat within 10 minutes, take it away. The reason for this is to help him develop the right eating habits.

2, deworming to do it right

Deworming can prevent your dog from developing skin diseases and other problems. Usually dogs can be dewormed for the first time at about 42 days. Usually ** external deworming once a month, internal deworming once every three months. **

3. Regular vaccination

Corgi owners should never forget to vaccinate their dogs, as they are still small and may be weak at 3-6 months of age. Regular vaccinations can prevent infectious diseases.

Puppies are usually born **45 days after **45 days**.
The first dose of the vaccine can be administered, and the second and third doses are also given 21 days apart. The second and third doses are given 21 days apart. After the three doses, the rabies vaccine is given about a week apart. A booster vaccination once a year will be sufficient.

 **Beware! Pre-vaccination forerunners. **

4. Calcium is important

As we all know, the corgi's limbs are relatively short, so they are very cute when they walk. However, this will put a lot of pressure on the spine of the Corgi, so Corgi owners should try to keep the Corgi from climbing the stairs as little as possible.
** Calcium supplements, which strengthen the bones of Corgi. **

5. Spot urination and defecation training

Corgi's 3 to 6 months is the golden period for learning, and as long as they are taught well, when they grow up they are basically very smart and obedient.

For pet owners, regular peeing and pooping training is the most difficult, and the 3-6 month period is the critical period for the corgi. The owner can observe if the corgi wants to go to the toilet after eating or 10 minutes after waking up.

6. Start feeding them dry food.

At 3 months of age, the corgi's teeth are also developing and their stomachs are much stronger, so it's time for owners to try feeding them a little dry food. Don't feed your dog too much wet food.

 **Conclusion:** How old is your Corgi now?

Special Note: The above content (including images and videos, if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", and this platform only provides information storage services.

 
        