---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 525b6c70f936de37cb6407538d81cf45
summary:
- Ever since shovelers have been installing pet cameras, people have been discovering
  another side of their cats.
- All in all, installing a camera on your cat is a bit like looking at your target's
  cell phone - you don't know what you don't see, you're surprised.
tags:
- cats
- cat
- like
title: ' The night life of cats is much more exciting than yours.  '
---

 Not long ago, Weibo was ablaze with a spoof video from YouTube.

In the cat's first view, a mysterious day goes by unbeknownst to the shovelers.

As soon as the good cat in the video leaves the house-

Money is easy to rob.

The Hammer Man Hammering Away

But what the stupid humans don't know is that the content of this video is actually not all that bad - it's a spoof!

**Your cat at home may have really lived a wild life. **

Don't try to monitor your cat, or you might find out: he has more of a nightlife than you do!

Ever since shovelers have been installing pet cameras, people have been discovering another side of their cats.

A small percentage of the results of the surveillance are heartwarming.

For example, people have noticed that their cats are always playing with their pups when humans are not looking.

And the fact that it is their cat who is secretly jerking off the dog at home every day.

Most of the rest of the results, however, apparently left the owner with a bit of a brainache.

There was a story about a man who felt out of breath in his sleep, so he installed a camera to monitor his sleep.

As a result, he discovered that the nightmare that plagued him day after day was actually his own cat squatting on his chest.

In addition, many cat owners have seen the surveillance and realized that the lock they thought was strong is just a trick in the cat's eyes.

Opening a door is just a basic feline skill.

Prisoners who often take a shit in the toilet are also caught on camera.

But these are really harmless problems.

The worse shovelers will find their cat is a burglar after installing surveillance.

One foreign shoveler learned from the surveillance at the door that his cat had to steal something every day.

When one discovers that the famous neighborhood shoe thief is actually one's own cat, one may be somewhat devastated.

All in all, installing a camera on your cat is a bit like looking at your target's cell phone - you don't know what you don't see, you're surprised.

If you don't see anything, you'll think it's a camera. If you see something, you'll feel like you're pretending. If you see something, you'll add to your own problems.

It's better to turn a blind eye and enjoy the peace.

House cameras are a good surveillance tool for people who have cats in captivity. But it is still lacking for foreign shovelers who prefer to keep cats on the loose.

That's why many free-range cat owners have installed GPS trackers on their cats.

Not only do these GPS trackers show the cat's current location to avoid losing it, but they also have the ability to record its movements.

Most shovelers don't think so, thinking that their cats are just walking around the house at most.

In the end, it shows the cat's movements like this.

A shoveler has a cat named "Sammy". He thought that Sammy was a house cat and would never leave a kilometer radius.

In the end, he was desperate to find out that his Sammy was a bush explorer.

A research project in South Australia followed more than 400 pet cats to investigate their nocturnal behavior. Most of the cat owners felt that their cats wouldn't go outside and that the study was a waste of time.

** But the results showed that 40% of the cats had a habit of sneaking out into the wild at night. **

But don't worry or feel too bad, because some cats are out in the wild and sending a romantic signal at the same time.

The GPS tracker not only uncovered the fact that free-range cats are out in the wild, but also brought to light another heartbreaking truth: Your cat may be cheating on you.

Yes, "your cat belongs only to you" is probably just wishful thinking.

** In reality, you are just one of its owners. **

A few days ago, a blogger on TIKTOK shared this heartbreaking fact with us. This user has a cat named Jagger at home, who usually seems to be an honest cat.

But after she installed a tracking device on Jagger, she discovered that her pet had been visiting five other houses in addition to his own.

Don't be surprised, this is a common occurrence for cats.

Before GPS was popular, it wasn't that easy to catch a cat cheating on you, and most of the time you had to rely on a few hard-to-find clues.

"My cat suddenly threw up mixed-colored cat food, but I've been feeding him only brown!"

A scrappy cat in Mexico was caught cheating on his wife just last year. It lived a double life between two families for a long time until the two owners exchanged letters via cat collar, only to discover the fact that it was being walked on two feet.

"My cat has several other homes on my back," is a topic that has become a new kind of cuckold literature among cat lovers abroad.

One user on Reddit, a U.S. bar, asked a heartbreaking question: "Did you find out that your cat actually has another home?" The majority of the responses were heartbreaking.

Most of the responses were heartbreaking.

Many cat lovers spoke of their own harrowing experiences, grieving like a wife/husband whose lover has cheated on her.

"Some. After I brought my two dogs home (about a year ago), I noticed that my cat would occasionally leave for a few days. I also started noticing that it was gaining weight very erratically.
About 6 months ago, I put a note on the cat's collar saying that he already had a home and to please stop feeding him.

The next time he came back, the collar I bought was replaced with another collar. I switched it back, and so on and so forth ...... I put the cat on my collar and he came back with a new one. ......"

In recent years, due to the rise of GPS and other monitoring devices, more cats have been caught cheating.

So much so that the internet has started to offer tutorials on how to tell if your cat has cheated on you.

Most cat lovers, however, are no longer surprised by this phenomenon.

If you love a cat, you should love it thoroughly and give it freedom.

The only unforgettable frustration for a cat shoveler is that his cat has a richer life than he does ......

** [This article is reprinted from the WeChat public number ** ** "** ** Earthlings Research Report** ** **, **]

**Auntie Alien tells you about the confusing humans and strange science on Earth**.

**Let's talk about it - **

**What else do you know about meow's magical behavior? ***

** [If you find it interesting and logical, you are welcome:**]

** Like, watch, share, leave a comment all in one ~** **] **] **

 
        