---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 53d34f75d80b552c160659cc6280707679c4a3a6
summary:
- In the past winter, the animals at the Chengdu Zoo have relied on "Little Sun" heaters
  and piles of wood shavings to keep warm.
- In the past few years, we've seen a lot of animals that can't tolerate the cold
  in Chengdu Zoo.
tags:
- warmth
- fancy
- external
title: ' Fancy" Warmth in Chengdu Zoo: Soaking in Hot Springs, Sleeping on Hot Beds '
---

 In the past few days, the temperature in Chengdu has been dropping and people have been wrapping thick coats to ward off the cold. In the past winter, the animals at the Chengdu Zoo have relied on "Little Sun" heaters and piles of wood shavings to keep warm. This year, however, the cold and wet weather in Chengdu is unbearable even for the introduced African penguins, who have to use a heater, and the primates have to "hug" the heater.

In the past few years, we've seen a lot of animals that can't tolerate the cold in Chengdu Zoo.

The first thing you need to do is to get your own copy of the book, and you'll be able to do that in a few minutes.

The first time I was in the zoo was when I was a kid.

Generally speaking, there is a small sun, and like in the water, for example, some of our turtles in the water, they use the kind of heating rod, like we used to call "hot fast", we use this way to keep the water temperature at a more comfortable temperature, and then to keep the animals warm.

The first thing you need to do is to get your own personalized product that you can use to make sure that you're getting the right product. In addition to the external warmth, the animal nutritionist will adjust the type of food and increase the amount of feed to ensure that the animals have enough energy to withstand the cold.

The first time I was in the zoo was when I was a kid.

The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you're not going to be able to get a lot of money out of it.

In the past few years, we've seen a lot of people who've been working in the zoo, and we've seen a lot of people who've been working in the zoo, and we've seen a lot of people who've been working in the zoo.

Chengdu Zoo's Director of Animal Management Liu Yang

This year we can now see that some of our zoo buildings have started to lay floor heating, that is to say, this floor heating is much safer than the traditional "small sun" that we used to use for insulation, because in the past, we were afraid of the "small sun". With the use of underfloor heating, we are able to maintain warmth and safety much better than when we were overloaded with electricity and had to work at night.

By He Xi, Yang Yudie Chengdu

Editor：【Yuxin Li

 
        