---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 568bfa169d4053690b74865ebbd43f813352173a
summary:
- Owners should feed their Corgi regularly and quantitatively every day, and those
  who often work overtime can choose an automatic feeder for their dog to ensure that
  it eats steadily, which is good for the digestive health of the intestines!
tags:
- corgis
- corgi
- owners
title: ' Veterinarians can''t stand it, and many owners make these mistakes, are you
  still raising Corgis this way? '
---

 When you first start to breed a Corgi, you don't even realize that sometimes the actions of the pet owners may harm the dog. Therefore, we advise pet owners that they should not continue to keep their Corgi like this, or they will only harm their Corgi!

Not taking Corgi out for sports

Although Corgi is short-legged, he used to be a cattle dog, but his physical activity level is as good as any other dog's. Corgi may not get enough exercise. When Corgi does not get enough exercise, he may break up his home to release his energy, and this can lead to depression in the long run.

It is recommended that owners take their Corgi for proper exercise every day to keep him healthy!

Always running up and down with Corky.

Climbing up and down stairs is inherently unsuited to your dog's body mechanics and can cause stress and injury to the spine and joints. Even more damage to a corgi with a long waist and short legs!

The long hours of climbing up and down stairs and hills can overwhelm the limbs and joints, which may damage the lumbar spine, and in severe cases, paralyze the corgi.

It is recommended that owners reduce the frequency of stair climbing and avoid strenuous exercise to protect the health of Koch.

Feeding Corgi Milk

When a dog is growing and developing, he should drink milk to supplement his nutrition. Many owners will choose to feed their dogs milk. However, most dogs are intolerant to the lactose in milk and may suffer from diarrhea, especially if their digestion is weak.

If the owner wants to supplement his dog's nutrition, he can choose yogurt with low sugar content or goat milk powder for better absorption.

Kirky's Unstable Feeding

As it grows and develops, Corgi needs adequate nutrition. However, some owners are busy with their work, which makes the corgi's diet unstable and makes it hungry and full, which will make its digestion unstable and harm the digestive system's health.

Owners should feed their Corgi regularly and quantitatively every day, and those who often work overtime can choose an automatic feeder for their dog to ensure that it eats steadily, which is good for the digestive health of the intestines!

Feeding Corky a lot of bones

Corgi does have a natural fondness for bones, so owners will choose to feed bones to Corgi to fill their bellies or grind their teeth.

But the truth is, eating large amounts of bones can lead to indigestion, constipation, and long-term malnutrition. If Corgi gobbles up food and swallows the bones, not only will the teeth grinding effect not be achieved, but also may cut the intestines, leading to bleeding.

It is recommended that owners choose other ways to grind their teeth for Corgi, and can choose dried chicken snacks for Corgi, which are moderately hard and soft and suitable for dogs to grind their teeth.

Keeping a Corgi too fat

Some owners think Corgi's butt is cute and want to fatten it up, so they choose to feed it some fatty foods and overfeed it.

But in fact, if a corgi is too fat, it is likely to cause health problems, as well as stress on the limbs and spine, which affects health! Therefore, it is best to give Corgi a light and nutritious dog food as the main diet. Usually choose a dog food with a crude fat content of no more than 16%. Meet your dog's nutritional needs without causing obesity problems! Nutrition is healthier!

Conclusion: How many of these wrong behaviors have you committed?

 
        