---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 5893205b7df34f2327f8adf36fe70d3e152a4d3c
summary:
- The special is from the point of view of ordinary shovelers recounting their experiences
  with their cat's owner, while the posters play "mix and match," combining the rhinoceros
  family with classic Hong Kong movies, which is cute, adorable and creative.
tags:
- special
- specially
- cat
title: " The Meow Star\" Special: Guti\xE9rrez Mari as \"Tinker Bell "
---

 # "The Meowth" Special: Gutiérrez and Mary as "Tinker Bell

__

The Meowth Featurette Duration: 00:00 Source: Movie Network

Total 4 __

**1905film.com**
The family film "The Meow Star" directed by Chen Mucheng and starring Louis Koo, Mary Ma, Liu Chutian, Huang Xingjun, etc., has been released on July 14 (this Friday) nationwide. The film tells the story of a cute appearance, with a clever and intelligent mind, easily get human favorites of the rhinoceros rhinoceros shouldering the mission to travel to Earth, but accidentally encountered a family of Kutian Le and Mary, and staged a scene of luck, meow interesting cat encounters.

  

Recently, the film maker has released a special feature film and a series of posters for "The Name of Meow". The special is from the point of view of ordinary shovelers recounting their experiences with their cat's owner, while the posters play "mix and match," combining the rhinoceros family with classic Hong Kong movies, which is cute, adorable and creative.

  

 **The name of the cat is the name of the cat.

  

In the "Classic Re-enactment" series of comic posters, the rhinoceros family mixes classic Hong Kong movies and transforms into the "Oriental Undefeated", "God of Gamblers", and "God of Love". In the film, the characters such as "Bruce Lee", once again perform classic lines, continuing the funny style of pre-publicity, with a strong visual impact and impressive impression.

  

The movie "The Meow Star" has received wide public attention and love since its release. In the movie, the deep bond between the family of Gu Tianle Ma Li and the rhinoceros resonated with countless shovelers, and many netizens submitted articles to the film after viewing the movie to share their stories with the cat. This time, the film maker specially invited a few shovelers to come in front of the camera to make the latest special "The Name of Meow", hoping to share the joy of sucking cats with the audience.

  

The special is aimed at ordinary shovelers, using warm and simple images to show the bond between the shovelers and their cat owners. In the first half of the special, the soft and cute kittens are very healing: "Cao Dabao" who loves to go through the garbage cans like a dog; "Yachian" who loves to stand in front of the window and watch the night view; and the stray cat who will bring mice to the sick owner. "Big Girl"; and the beautiful Persian cat Mimi, who jumps and rolls around to make people happy ...... will make you smile. The second half of the video highlights the deep bond between the cat and its owner. After watching the video, netizens said, "This video is really heartwarming! I'd love to get a cat too", "Grandma cried for me", "Heartbreaking, Shovel! I will definitely go to see Warmth's "The Meowth".

  

 **The first time I saw it, I was in the middle of it.

  

In the past five days since its release, "The Meowth" has received continuous praise and solid box office, and has won great affirmation from the audience in terms of the performances of the actors, the theme and special effects, and the establishment of the three outlooks. LiZhi News contributor "Half a lifetime" once commented in a movie review of "The Meowthian": "This movie is different from other cartoons, what it focuses on and shows is the meaning of family. The netizen "Little Window Wounded and Gone" also commented: "'The most important thing is that the whole family sits down for a meal. This clichéd line from a Hong Kong drama is actually the purest and most beautiful thing that the movie Meow Meow is trying to express."

  

One of the highlights of "The Meowth" is the characterization of the characters. From the "sweet and silly" dad, to the "snake" mom, Mary, to the geeky brother, ovis ammon, to the elf's sister, Liu Chutian, to the "devious" cheap meow, rhinoceros. Even the "villains," two robbers and three crooks, are not a bit cunning, but rather "all innocent," which is rare. Director Chen Musheng once said in an interview, "I want to make a real Chinese family comedy, and I want to dedicate it to an audience of 300 million children and 300 million families. Therefore, the entire production of the film is based on the "children's world" as the starting point, emphasizing that "love conquers all", and not adding too many adult-oriented elements for the sake of "good box office". It's a total "children's gift", and it's a real "good idea".

  

The Meowth won the applause of children, but also received praise from many adults, with netizen "Crossing Arctic Snow" saying, "The most praiseworthy thing about The Meowth is that it brings the audience a long-lost sense of childish fun and stress-free happiness. " I really like The Meowthian," he said, "The Meowthian is a very good family film. Someone even said, "Gutiéré Marie is like the almighty Tinker Bell, they use The Meowth as a time machine, leading us back to the innocence of our childhood.

 
        