---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 5a580ed19e4b0709d9a5048272719618
summary:
- 'Any manufacturer-authorized regular 4S store in the country free of charge and
  after maintenance, the day of purchase, the company can issue all the vehicle procedures
  (invoice, certificate of conformity, consistency certificate, vehicle information
  table, three-bag card) national licensing, warm tips: We take into account foreign
  customers to Beijing to buy a car far away, (successful purchase) can reimburse
  the one-way trip to Beijing [train tickets, high-speed rail tickets, air tickets
  (limited to owners).'
tags:
- information
- store
- vehicles
title: ' Haver Dawg prices plummet and miss out on next year! '
---

 Promotion Time: 2020/11/27-2020/11/30

Recently, the Great Wall Motor Haval store of Beijing Jishun Zhongda International Trade Co., Ltd. gave a cash discount of up to 20,000 yuan for its Haval big dog models.
This activity is a limited-time special promotion, limited time and limited places, first-come, first-served! 4S store brand-new commercial vehicles National United Guarantee store car store tickets!
Any manufacturer-authorized regular 4S store in the country free of charge and after maintenance, the day of purchase, the company can issue all the vehicle procedures (invoice, certificate of conformity, consistency certificate, vehicle information table, three-bag card) national licensing, warm tips: We take into account foreign customers to Beijing to buy a car far away, (successful purchase) can reimburse the one-way trip to Beijing [train tickets, high-speed rail tickets, air tickets (limited to owners). (I) 】 24-hour consultation phone number: 15010683450 (the final price has been to the store to negotiate shall prevail).

## Harvard big dog offer

Click here for more information The above table is updated on 2020/11/27 09:33:06, vehicle prices are subject to change, please pay attention to the local market.

Above is the model information, the store provides a lot of additional value-added services, interested friends welcome information store information details.

  * Dealer: Beijing Jishun Zhongda
  * Address: Daxing Yizhuang Economic Development Zone, Beijing, China 
  * Phone: 15010683450

Disclaimer: Prices and promotions on this page are subject to the actual information published by the merchant, the authenticity, accuracy and legality of which are the responsibility of the dealer, and NetEase does not provide any warranty or assume any legal liability.

 
        