---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 5b5bf20aeaf43898bfc879293a2d3be3
summary:
- Turkish Samsun, the paralyzed dog named Kara Simsek, also known as Knight.
- The paralyzed dog is named Kara Simsek, also known as Knight, in Samsun, Turkey.
- The paralyzed dog is named Kara Simsek, also known as Knight, in Samsun, Turkey.
tags:
- media
- bulldog
- rehabilitation
title: ' Paralyzed Foreign Bulldog Gets New Life Standing and Walking with the Aid
  of a "Wheelchair" '
---

 2020-11-26 10:51:06 Source: Northeast Tourism

Report

  
  

Turkish Samsun, the paralyzed dog named Kara Simsek, also known as Knight.
Rider, a French bulldog, was left in a stray rehabilitation center because of paralysis in his hind legs, and with the help of a walking wheelchair, he is back on his feet and walking again.

  
  

The paralyzed dog is named Kara Simsek, also known as Knight, in Samsun, Turkey.
Rider, a French bulldog, was left in a stray rehabilitation center because of paralysis in his hind legs, and with the help of a walking wheelchair, he is back on his feet and walking again.

  
  

The paralyzed dog is named Kara Simsek, also known as Knight, in Samsun, Turkey.
Rider, a French bulldog, has been left in the stray animal rehabilitation center due to the paralysis of his hind legs, and with the help of a walking wheelchair, he stood up and walked again.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the self-media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        