---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 5fcb6d38a0040125ed67ca6ae22ce9d2
summary:
- So is a Corgi easy to keep?
- 1, every day you should take time to feed the dog and play with the corgi.
- So is a Corgi easy to keep?
- 1, every day you should take time to feed the dog and play with the corgi.
- Corgi
- How to raise a Corgi?
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- like
title: ' Are Corgis easy to raise? What do you know about the personality traits of
  a Corgi? '
---

 Are Corgis easy to raise? What do you know about the personality traits of a Corgi?

Time：2018-06-07 19:36 Source：Today's headlines Editor-in-charge：FoDuo

**The first thing I noticed is that there are a lot of different ways to get rid of a corgi. What do you know about the personality traits of a Corgi?
Corgis are small, like a quiet environment, and never bark, making them perfect for families. So is a Corgi easy to keep? What do you need to prepare before raising a Corgi? The following is a small introduction to you.
1, every day you should take time to feed the dog and play with the corgi. 2、Be able to tolerate the inconvenience (smell, shedding) caused by a corgi.

**Primary title: Is a Corgi easy to keep? What do you know about the personality traits of a Corgi? ***

Corgis are small, like a quiet environment, and never bark, making them perfect for families. So is a Corgi easy to keep? What do you need to prepare before raising a Corgi? The following is a small introduction to you.

1, every day you should take time to feed the dog and play with the corgi.

2、Be able to put up with the inconvenience (smell, shed hair, barking, chewing on broken furniture, etc.) caused by the Corgi.

3.To pay money for the dog (annual vaccinations and deworming medication, food expenses for the Corgi, hospital expenses for sickness, dog license fees in some cities, etc.).

4、The lifespan of a dog is generally 10-15 years, so you should be able to live with your Corgi from start to finish.

5) Learn as much as you can about dog ownership, and consult with your friends who have dogs around you to find a reliable veterinarian or vet.

Next, prepare the following items for your puppy.

1, Dog kennels (rattan baskets, cardboard boxes, cages) and padding (old clothes, towels).

2. Dog food.

3、Dog bowl and water bowl.

4、Dog leash and dog tags.

5. Grooming tools, etc.

Corgi

How to raise a Corgi?

I. Feeding Attention

1, the Corgi is very fond of getting along with its owner, as long as you play with it at home on weekdays, you can vent its energy and satisfy its playful heart.

2. If the Corgi is overweight, it is prone to spinal problems, so it is necessary to control its weight.

3, the corgi's hair is soft and does not require regular finishing, in addition to the change of hair period, about a week to help it comb a hair can be.

4. Due to its natural workability, the Corgi will sometimes nibble the heels of humans without thinking. If you bite the heel of a child, it may make the child fear the dog, the owner should pay more attention to this.

Character traits

1、Falling in love with big ass

Although the Welsh Corgi does not have a flashy appearance or an impressive height, the combination of parts and components that are familiar to other breeds makes the overall effect quite cute. There was a comprehensive survey of 100 families who owned a Welsh Corgi. The answer is very interesting: some like character, some like eyes, some like short legs ....... Surprisingly, nearly 60% of families like its big round butt without a tail.

2、Laughing and cute sleeping position

The other thing that makes short-legged corgi's so cute is their funny sleeping position. Sometimes they will sleep on their backs like people; sometimes they will sleep in a pose that can only be posed by a yoga master; sometimes they will stand and take a nap, and sleepy puppies will even eat and fall asleep ......

The Corgi is funny and cute, brave, inquisitive, bold and careful, likes to explore new things, is not vicious or neurotic, likes to win the hearts of children, and easily gets along with the whole family. Although the Corgi is called a "bench dog", don't look down on it. The short-legged Corgi is a natural at playing Frisbee because of its strong jumping power. In foreign countries, many owners train their Corgi dogs to catch Frisbees, and their skills are as good as those of Border Collies.

Submitted by email: chuanbeiol@163.com For more information, please visit Sichuan Online: http://www.guangyuanol.cn

 
        