---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 63152259ffe5d9a7720f4480037106e8
summary:
- '**How do I test if my dog can swim?'
- However, if the dog tests the water in a haphazard way and just flops around, the
  dog may not know how to swim, or has a huge fear of water, the dog should not be
  forced to do so.
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- swims
title: ' Fatou swims and drowns, but not all dogs can swim! '
---

 Now that the weather is getting hotter and hotter, many shovelers will take their dogs to the pet store or outdoors to go swimming in order to help them with the heat.

However, do you know that it is actually very dangerous to take your dog swimming at will?

Before that, a dog owner thought that his dog had hip problems, so he brought him to the pet swimming pool to swim.

However, the store staff did not test the dog before it entered the water, and tragedy struck.

From the store's surveillance video, you can see that the staff threw the bucket directly into the water.

The dog, not knowing how to swim, kept on pouncing, but the store staff also said to the owner that "all dogs can swim", without feeling the dog's difference, a few seconds later the dog sank into the water.

Behind the tragedy of the dog drowning and drowning, hidden behind the ignorance of the pet industry practitioners.

You know, not all dogs can swim, if according to the swimming talent, can be divided into three categories of dogs.

**1、Swimmer**

A long time ago, people were trained to hunt better in the water, so they trained a number of water hounds.

These dogs included **Golden Retrievers, Labradors, Newfoundlands** and many others. Centuries later, the love of water and the skill of swimming are still in the genes of these dogs.

**2. Seeds**.

Even though these dogs were not selected as water hounds in the first place, their obsession with water is like an obsession.

Through their own efforts, they finally overcame their fear of water, and now they are truly a rising star.

This type of dog includes, **Husky, Border Collie** etc.

**3、Can't swim type**

These dogs are not good swimmers due to their congenital conditions, and if they are forced to swim, it is likely to be a tragedy.

Short Legged Dogs

Like ** Corgi, dachshund ** this short-legged dog, as you know, after entering the water, the short legs simply can not be tossed over ah, hahaha, this is the trouble with short legs right.

Short-nosed dog

Dogs like **Fado, Pug**, etc. are born with short noses, so they can easily choke on the water when they are flopping around, which increases the likelihood of drowning.

Just because swimmers and seeded athletes are good swimmers doesn't mean every dog of these breeds can swim!

So ** be sure to test your dog before he goes in the water! Never let your dog into the water without a fight. **

**How do I test if my dog can swim? ***

First, you can get an inflatable pool at home, then put a safety harness on your dog, attach a tow rope, and let your dog get in the water.

If your dog is afraid to go into the water, try guiding him with a snack to encourage him to go into the water on his own.

If your dog is a normal doggy paddler, it means he has the potential to swim.

When this type of dog learns to swim, the owner should also make sure to watch the dog swim at all times and not leave it alone, because dogs can also suffer from cramps and lack of energy while swimming.

In order for the dog not to have an accident while swimming, the owner should stay with the dog and watch the dog all the time.

However, if the dog tests the water in a haphazard way and just flops around, the dog may not know how to swim, or has a huge fear of water, the dog should not be forced to do so.

After all, the dog's life is the most important thing ~ drought duck is drought duck.

 
        