---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 641e0c30bf8428b45e9661dad065716c277e4bca
summary:
- After Chen Chuang starred in "Baolian Lantern", although he hasn't been a big hit,
  he has appeared in many dramas and is always brave enough to try out new roles,
  such as "the yellow-browed king in "Magic Phone" and the wild dog Daoist in "Qing
  Yun Zhi", in which his ancient costume was so bright that the audience couldn't
  recognize him."
tags:
- dog
- shen
- role
title: ' There is a kind of "plastic surgery" called Pauline Lantern''s asthma dog,
  now in uniform, handsome unrecognizable! '
---

 One drama that just aired and attracted a large number of fans and is now a household name is "Baolian Lantern". When this drama was aired, the response was really great. The drama tells the story of the man, Shen Xiang, who uses an axe to chop the mountain to save his mother. Because of this drama, a lot of people have been fired, for example, the lead role of Erlang Shen, played by Jiao Junen, whose outstanding appearance made the audience think that he was the original Erlang Shen. Even the supporting characters in a good drama have their own unique shining points. Today we will talk about the asthma dog beside Ji Lang Shen.

In this drama, he plays the role of the Astronomical Dog, who is a loyal servant of Ji Lang Shen and has a deep affection for him. Although he has fewer parts than the main actor, his unique acting skills and distinctive characteristics make him stand out from a group of veteran actors and are remembered by many viewers.

Chen Chuang was born in a family of actors and actresses, and although he has never acted in a leading role for so many years, he is well known to the audience for his skillful acting in small roles, and his sincerity and hard work have won him recognition from every audience.

After Chen Chuang starred in "Baolian Lantern", although he hasn't been a big hit, he has appeared in many dramas and is always brave enough to try out new roles, such as "the yellow-browed king in "Magic Phone" and the wild dog Daoist in "Qing Yun Zhi", in which his ancient costume was so bright that the audience couldn't recognize him."

In the recent new drama, Chen Chuang wore a military uniform, and his handsome appearance made everyone look fresh and new. It's just a different story when compared to the initial role of the asthmatic dog. He has also surprised every audience with his wooden acting skills. Nowadays, the entertainment industry is a fickle place. Although it doesn't have the best resources and screen. But Chen Chuang has always held on to his beliefs and constantly refined his acting skills, and he has been quietly making his contribution to the screen, but he has not been noticed by the audience, which is a pity.

Do you like Chen Chuang? Feel free to leave a discussion!

 
        