---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 64d0f60e9523a1904fb9c51d6a503803
summary:
- But the lion was not to be trifled with and took advantage of the gap to get away,
  so it also bit the hyena's fur and prepared to gut the anus, which was a great scene!
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- african wild dog eats
- eat
- source
title: ' African wild dog eats two young lions alive, gutting them, leaving only an
  empty shell. '
---

 2017-10-12 01:13:42 Source: Games Without Borders

Report

In the grasslands, a group of hyenas were sharing their catch, and the hungry lions couldn't help but try to grab it.

  

The hyenas were not vegetarians and would not allow the lions to take their food, so a great battle began.

  

The lion was so enraged that he had to eat the food that he grew up and fought the hyenas, but could the hyenas really win?

  

Before the lions could react, one of the hyenas started biting the lion's tail and prepared to gut the anus, and the lion's pain could be felt through the screen.

  

But the lion was not to be trifled with and took advantage of the gap to get away, so it also bit the hyena's fur and prepared to gut the anus, which was a great scene!

  

1. A girl came into the class and introduced herself: "I may not be the smartest, I may not be the most beautiful, I may not be the best, I may not be the most humorous ......". ---she blurted out, "Hello, everyone, my name is." Guess.

Last night, I went to a buffet with a friend and saw a girl, where she asked the receptionist: Do you charge for children's meals here? Receptionist: We are free for children here as long as they are not 1.2 meters tall. Girl: That's great, kids in small and middle classes come in and sit down!

  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        