---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 67d0a9f968d2dd5defd16be32e16882f
summary:
- On November 26, Mr. Wang, a citizen, reported that he and his colleagues found an
  injured peregrine falcon on the rooftop of the Asia-Europe International (AEI) building,
  and they carried it back to the building and put it into a small cardboard box.
tags:
- lanzhou
- _lanzhou
- county
title: ' Lanzhou: Injured peregrine falcon settles in wildlife rescue station '
---

 Original title: Warm-hearted citizens timely rescued the injured peregrine falcon and made it "home" in the wildlife rescue station.

Injured peregrine falcon.

On November 26, Mr. Wang, a citizen, reported that he and his colleagues found an injured peregrine falcon on the rooftop of the Asia-Europe International (AEI) building, and they carried it back to the building and put it into a small cardboard box. In the afternoon, the injured peregrine falcon was accepted by the Gansu Lanzhou Wildlife Rescue Station.

According to Mr. Wang, who is a staff member of the Asia-Europe International Jinmao property, a colleague reported a bird with an unknown name flying on the roof on the 25th and thought it might be tired of flying and resting on the roof, but on the morning of the 26th, the bird had not yet flown away. He and his colleague searched online according to the characteristics, and initially judging from the small size, hazel color and yellow claws, the bird might belong to the national second-grade protected animal and endangered species of peregrine falcon.

Mr. Wang said that on the morning of the 26th, we first looked at the peregrine falcon from a distance and saw that it did not fly away and was not aggressive, so we approached it slowly and found that the bird's wings and claws seemed to be injured. Afterwards, Mr. Wang, wearing gloves, carefully picked it up and put it in a cardboard box.
Text/Map Reporter Li Bingjie

Copyright statement: Where the source of the script is "China Gansu Net", it is copyrighted by China Gansu Net, reproduced must indicate the source as "China Gansu Net".

## Recommended

  * A white egret flew in from Lanzhou Wild Goose Beach Park and was warmly cared for by the public.
  
  * A civilization relay without end--CNNC-404 successfully created the national civilization unit documentary _A civilization relay without end
  * Longnan Kang County tea farmers are busy pruning their tea gardens ______.
  * _13,000 pounds of apples sold in 5 minutes in Lixian County, Longnan_, China
  * _Lanzhou increases primary and secondary school places by more than 70,000 in three years_
  * We're taking action to eliminate "tongue waste".
  * ______________ How much liquidated damages can be agreed upon? The court said: no! _

 
        