---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 686f2764a5793eacb508566cb4528e7c
summary:
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which provides information
  storage services only.'
tags:
- "li\xE8"
- hyenas attack
- dogs
title: ' Hyenas attack a man in his home in Zimbabwe, leaving only the remains of
  his body in a brutal scene. '
---

 2020-11-23 17:03:02 Source: Financial Media Ticktock

Report

According to media reports on November 22nd, a tragic case occurred in Zimbabwe recently, a man was sleeping at home late at night, but was attacked by a pack of hyenas (liè) dogs, they tore the man into several pieces, the house was full of blood, can be described as gruesome, when people found, only the remains were left.

  

The victim, who was 46 years old, was out drinking with friends on the day of the attack. The police investigation revealed that the victim had fought with the hyenas but was still killed. The hyenas attacked other livestock, including goats and other species.

  

The local police are currently on the hunt for the hyenas, and the victim's body has been buried and the matter is being further processed. Hyenas are mammals that live in the subtropics and generally feed on the carcasses of animals.

  

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which provides information storage services only.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        