---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 69498b173bcd0339ba6f78ab7e54ab2ca3d1a4d8
summary:
- As a trap-type tank hero, Wally Bell has excellent strong opening ability and AoE
  ability, and the killing effect of W skill is also extremely considerable.
- The bear can use his E skills to fear the minion to repel the enemy when the enemy
  melee heroes are replenishing their weapons, and then trigger the aftershock to
  exchange blood with the enemy.
tags:
- bears
- bear
- skill
title: ' The [UNK] version of the [UNK] dog bears on the single how to play 8. '
---

 Guided Reading
In the LOL League of Legends S9 season, Korean clansmen players have recently started using aftershock pure meat bears to score points. Compared to the conventional tree Titans, the dog bear has a more substantial line ability and AoE damage. It can be said to be the new phantom god on the road. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that...

In the LOL League of Legends S9 season, Korean clansmen players have recently started to wildly use aftershock pure flesh bears to score points. The first thing you need to know is how to make sure that you're getting the right amount of money. It can be said to be the new phantom god on the road. It's a good idea to have a single aftershock pure flesh bear for you to play with.

**The thunder roars heroic features &amp; playstyle introduction**.

Thunder Roar Wally Bell has always been one of the more unpopular single heroes. As a trap-type tank hero, Wally Bell has excellent strong opening ability and AoE ability, and the killing effect of W skill is also extremely considerable. It's not an exaggeration to say it's a heavy warrior hero! The special effects of the passive Xiaochungo allow Wally Bell to survive at every turn! Although the clunky skill mechanics make this bear's field and win rates moderate. However, there are still hardcore players who try to use it in the higher segments.

**Only meat bear gameplay analysis**.

**Recommended order of skill upgrades:**

Main W and secondary E, with R point R.

**Rune Recommendation**

Mainline Resolute

Aftershock: Bears' QE skills can trigger aftershocks, which in turn allow them to resist and fight.

Demolition: Gives bears the ability to push towers considerably.

Wind of Resurrection: gives bears greater ability to replace blood.

Overgrowth: Gives bears a significant amount of extra life.

Secondary Precision System

Bloodline: Gives the bear extra toughness bonus.

Deadly Strike: A must for killing heroes.

Attribute Fragment: 1 Attack Speed +1 Magic Resistance +1 Blood.

**Equipment Recommendation**

Pure meat bears are about maximizing the meat. Therefore, the first big item is strongly recommended to choose the righteous glory to greatly improve the bear's strong open ability! Righteous glory with Q skill's chase ability is very considerable. After that, you can choose the classic combination of sunshine + uplifting to improve the overall frankness. The shoes can be chosen from either cloth shoes or mercury shoes. Finally, you can make the King's Plate Armor and the Stone Ghost Plate Armor to maximize front-row capability.

**line and team battle ideas**.

The core idea of a single dog-bear's line is steady development and reasonable blood exchange. The bear can use his E skills to fear the minion to repel the enemy when the enemy melee heroes are replenishing their weapons, and then trigger the aftershock to exchange blood with the enemy. The bear's W skill needs to be stacked three layers before it can be triggered. So be sure to always check if the W skill can be used immediately. Note that the W-skill has a killing effect, and will also return half of its cooldown after killing a minion or monster. You can use your W skill to prevent your blade from slipping during the alignment period.
Q, E, and other combos must be used skillfully! The effect is explosive.

After that, you can use the blast to push the tower or go around with the wilderness. The damage of the bear in the first and middle stages is still not negligible. It's also a good idea to use a little bit of the same old "frankness" to get rid of the tower.

The first thing that you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're looking for and what you're looking for.

It's a good idea to have a good amount of time to get to know each other. But the fear of heavy damage effect, when the enemy unleashes ignition or has heavy damage type equipment, it is better to avoid the enemy and wait for the passive return of blood. However, if you don't succeed in catching the enemy back row, it's also a good idea to start the move to create AoE!

**Advanced Tips**

QEW Combo: The basic operation of the bear is extremely simple. The most basic move is the QE move, which will back people up and finish with W skills to deal full damage.

The Korean clothing clansman chose to go on a simple meat bear to get points. The simple and rough game idea with the cold hero's surprise makes him in the Korean clan master group can be said to be a great kill! You like black technology summoners can definitely try it!

 
        