---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 6ad576d51c1cbe8d04a5ba8526102ae9
summary:
- 'The side face looks full of Hong Kong style, bright eyes and red lips is simply
  not too good-looking, many users after watching, also have a lot of emotion comments:
  "I feel that the longer she grows, the better she looks, the older that mature woman''s
  charm is also out," some users even said that Wang Ou''s return to the peak of the
  face value.'
tags:
- good
- wang
- tv
title: ' Wang Gou''s private photos were exposed, wearing a sleeveless black dress
  with a [UNK] collar, sharp eyes and a good body full of stories '
---

 2020-11-27 14:22:04 Source: MoMoTravel

Report

Recently, a set of private photos of Wang Gu was exposed, in which she was wearing a V-neck sleeveless black dress lying on the bed, a gold chain belt around her waist, with sharp eyes and a good body full of stories.

  

Wang Ou's face value has always been recognized, big eyes, high nose bridge, standard three court five eyes, this time with clothes and accessories decorations, the whole person more full of quality, look at the camera eyes full of story.  

  

The side face looks full of Hong Kong style, bright eyes and red lips is simply not too good-looking, many users after watching, also have a lot of emotion comments: "I feel that the longer she grows, the better she looks, the older that mature woman's charm is also out," some users even said that Wang Ou's return to the peak of the face value.  

  

It's not just a matter of time, but also a matter of time and money.  

  

The first time I saw her, I thought it was a good idea for her to be a model, but it was a good idea for her to be a model. She was born as a model from the very beginning, and in 2003, she won the most photogenic award in the 4th CCTV Model TV Contest National Finals by virtue of her outstanding strength, with a bright future.  

  

In 2005, because of her excellent adjustment, she was chosen by the director to star in her first film and television work "Heart Rings", and officially started working in the showbiz.  

  

In addition to the fact that it is a very important part of a company's business, it is also a very important part of the company's business. She was also nominated as the most popular supporting actress in the National Drama Award of Anhui TV Station for her role. Later, she was cast in the role of Jiang Manchun, a snake and scorpion beauty in The Pretender, which won her the 19th Huading Award for Best Supporting Actress in China's Top 100 TV Series.  

  

If you know her well, you should know that her current personality is inseparable from her childhood experiences. When she was three years old, her parents chose to divorce, and they placed the young girl with a neighbor.  

We often visited our relatives, and even our own relatives would not get used to living in someone else's house, and we would get bored over time, let alone a neighbor's house. It was supposed to be a carefree childhood with parents' love and affection, but Wang Gu had to live under someone else's roof, and we can imagine how difficult it was.  

  

However, this environment did not affect her psychologically, but rather gave her the courage to be independent and face her difficulties. Today, she has also achieved good results through her own efforts, and in the variety show "My Girlfriend", Wang Ou and her mother's relationship has become even closer, which is also very comforting.  

  

We also wish that her career will continue to rise and bring us more good works, and we hope that she can find her other half as soon as possible, so that when she encounters difficulties, someone can help her share them together.  

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        