---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 6b0407b8c724af2dd1fdde439050917afd12f09c
summary:
- The reporter interviewed to learn, Tinker Bell is a brigade of airborne troops,
  the first completed parachute jump dog.
- In the future, their goal is to make more military dogs learn how to land like Tinker
  Bell, to make more airborne troops master the technology of landing with military
  dogs, and to create more "canine soldiers".
tags:
- tinker
- training
- trained
title: ' Intensive training to overcome the natural fear of heights, customized harnesses
  to ensure air stability, and the ability to jump from a canine parachute. '
---

 How are you?

Tinker Bell in training

Tinker Bell practicing airborne posture with the paratroopers.

The first time I was in the city, I was in the city, and the second time I was in the city.

Have you ever seen a military dog that can jump out of a plane? Airborne troops in Kaifeng a brigade's dog Dingdong, recently in the airborne training with airborne troops from 1200 meters altitude parachute success. "In the past few years, the company has been able to provide a wide range of services to its customers, such as: a wide range of services to the public, a wide range of services to the public, a wide range of services to the public, a wide range of services to the public, a wide range of services to the public.

**raised soldier thousand days **

**Take intensive training for over three years before going to heaven**.

On November 21, in the airborne troops in Kaifeng, a brigade barracks, the Chutian Metropolis Daily reporter saw the Tinker Bell being trained. Although from time to time around the barking of other military dogs, it is not affected at all, not even look in the direction of other military dogs.

Tinker Bell is a female German Shepherd who will be 5 years old in January next year. Since the age of 1, it has been trained by its trainer, Junjie Wang, for more than 3 years now.

The first condition for choosing a military dog, according to Junjie Wang, is to have a lively, excited dog. Military dogs are trained in an excited state and are more likely to master training subjects.

In order to establish affinity and basic obedience relationship with Tinker Bell, Junjie Wang lived in the military dog training base for six months before bringing it back to the station.

Tinker Bell's training, also from the basic subjects, the content is similar to most guard dogs: according to the trainer's instructions, make sit, stand, bark, fetch and other actions. As a military dog with establishment, it not only has a code on its ears, but also a daily food allowance of 40 yuan.

After training, Tinker Bell is always on high alert for the "enemy". In the army confrontation exercises, it will always chase the "blue army" officers and soldiers. Tinker Bell's main task in the army, is to take on the guard company's guard, patrol, etc., there will usually be a trainer to play the role of imaginary enemy, help it train to capture the enemy, pounce on the bite and other actions. After training, this trainer will try to avoid getting too close to Tinker Bell so that Tinker Bell won't smell his scent and come after him.

**Overcoming Fear**

**From being afraid to climb to the view from upstairs**.

Unlike cats, who are good at climbing trees, dogs are naturally afraid of heights, and Tinker Bell is no exception. In order for Tinker Bell to learn to airborne, we must first help it to stop being afraid of heights.

To this end, John Wang has conducted more than 2 months of targeted training for Tinker Bell. At first, he carried Tinker Bell up to the second floor and let it look down. The first time, Tinker Bell trembled with fear, not to mention looking downstairs. However, after this training again and again, Tinker Bell is now not only not afraid of going upstairs, but also can lie down on the 2nd floor railing by himself and enjoy the view.

But for Tinker Bell to learn how to be airborne, this is still not enough, after all, completely suspended is not the same as standing upstairs. In order for Tinker Bell to adapt to the suspended state, it is usually necessary to carry out sufficient simulation training.

The reporter saw in the training room, John Wang and others to hang Tinker Bell in the air with a ring, and at the same time with it to train the air posture. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. At the end of each movement, John Wang will pet Tinker Bell to reassure and encourage it.

The company's main goal is to provide the best quality products and services to the market.

**Custom harness**

**The gang of military dogs successfully landed from a height of 1,000 meters**.

The harness that holds Tinker Bell to the harness was sewn by Wang Zhong, the airborne squad leader who successfully parachuted with her. The harness, he said, is so critical to the dog's airborne success that it's half the battle with it.

A military dog is different from a trained soldier. Tinker Bell and the airborne soldiers together in the process of jumping, although the parachute harness is controlled by the airborne soldiers, but its weight is about 30 kg, if it can not match the airborne soldiers in the air and struggle violently, it will seriously threaten the safety of the jump. In order to ensure a smooth parachute landing, Tinker Bell's team members were chosen to be more familiar with the wing parachute, Wang Zhong, and the parachute was also a tandem wing parachute with a higher weight capacity. Tinker Bell needed to be comfortable in the air in order to maximize its compatibility with the paratrooper's movements. Wang Zhong spent several nights designing, making, and fitting Tinker Bell's dog harnesses, and finally made a suitable one. The gear can effectively protect Tinker Bell's torso and limbs, considering its love of tongue, in order to prevent accidental collision when it bites itself, Wang Zhong also made a mask for it, when leaving the plane, to give it a blindfold, to prevent it suddenly see the altitude to produce a fear response.

After training, Wang Zhong took Tinker Bell on two skydives the other day, and successfully completed the drop. Like a new parachutist on his first jump, Tinker Bell can be nervous. Especially the second time, due to the cabin noise, Tinker Bell is still on the plane when it was very afraid, legs shaking, to leave the plane when desperately twisting refused to get off the plane. At this time, a long period of hard training and the trust previously cultivated with Wang Zhongzhong, but still let Tinker Bell in the air perfectly completed the required actions. "After leaving the plane, I took off its blindfold. At that time, it stopped moving and gave itself to me," Wang Zhong said. Wang Zhong said.

Airborne recruits who complete their first parachute jump are usually rewarded. Tinker Bell was also rewarded after its first successful jump: a big meal.

**Future Goals**.

**Make more military dogs "canine marvels "**Make more military dogs "canine marvels.

The reporter interviewed to learn, Tinker Bell is a brigade of airborne troops, the first completed parachute jump dog. The brigade is receiving training dogs more than ding dong a, and "comrades" compared to the ding dong training time longer, and airborne troops tacit degree higher, plus size moderate, to ensure the smooth completion of the airborne.

The relevant person in charge of the brigade said, airborne into the air is the biggest feature of airborne combat. In the past, most of the troops' dogs entered the mission area from the ground, and there were great restrictions on the flexibility of deployment. As a new training program for airborne troops, airborne with dogs has proven to be feasible. Next, the brigade will continue to expand the training content on this basis, so that the dogs can adapt to more tasks after landing, such as search and rescue, to further enhance the ability of airborne soldiers to complete a variety of tasks. Military dogs are one of the most important weapons and equipment for airborne troops to perform their missions. In the future, their goal is to make more military dogs learn how to land like Tinker Bell, to make more airborne troops master the technology of landing with military dogs, and to create more "canine soldiers".

 
        