---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 6b52202b2a4d39dab71cff6090679ebbb5a2884a
summary:
- This year, on October 4, Ms. Sun was browsing the "idle fish" app, saw a pet cat
  trafficking information, so she clicked in to see what it was all about.
- On October 18, the East Lake Public Security Bureau Criminal Investigation Brigade
  police to Qiqihar City, the suspects Bai Mou, Xu Mou to start arrest work.
tags:
- cat
- cats
- sun
title: ' Buy a pet cat on "idle fish" and fall into a scam  '
---

 # I bought a pet cat on "idle fish" and fell into a scam ......

2020-11-14 08:31 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Politics

Recently

Fraudsters

Take advantage of the fact that some people like to have cats.

Under the name of pet cat trafficking

Conducting Fraud

Recently

Daqing City Public Security Bureau, Donghu Sub-Bureau area

One such case occurred

The victim was defrauded of $6,500.

And after the police dug deeper

The suspect was found since January of this year.

5 frauds by the same means

Victims involved

Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Anhui, etc.

The amount of money involved is more than $50,000.

"idle fish" to buy cats cheated 6500 yuan

The first thing I noticed is that I was a cat lover, and I was very concerned about the information about cats, both in my life and on the Internet.

This year, on October 4, Ms. Sun was browsing the "idle fish" app, saw a pet cat trafficking information, so she clicked in to see what it was all about.

She found that the "merchant" was selling pet cats named Gold Classic, Silver Classic, Gold Gradient, Silver Gradient, Ragdoll, at a price cheaper than the market price. Therefore, Ms. Sun contacted the "merchant" and expressed her willingness to buy the cat.

The two sides agreed on a price of 6,500 yuan, with an initial deposit of 200 to 500 yuan, and then the full payment after the cat was shipped.

Ms. Sun paid a deposit of 500 yuan first. Afterwards, the man sent a video to Ms. Sun, saying that the cat had been shipped, and Ms. Sun transferred 6,000 yuan to the man's WeChat.

However, when Ms. Sun finished transferring the final payment, she discovered that she had been blackmailed by the other party. The police caught the two suspects in the act.

The police arrested two suspects.

After receiving the alarm, the police of the East Lake Public Security Bureau immediately filed a case to investigate the case. The police work to determine the Qiqihar man Bai Mou and his girlfriend Xu Mou have major suspects.

On October 18, the East Lake Public Security Bureau Criminal Investigation Brigade police to Qiqihar City, the suspects Bai Mou, Xu Mou to start arrest work.

The work, October 19 at 14:00, the police in Qiqihar City, Long Sha District, forging and pressing district in front of a residential building, the suspects Bai Mou, Xu Mou arrested.

It is understood that the suspects Bai Mou, Xu Mou two is a boyfriend and girlfriend, and is about to get married, Xu Mou has been pregnant for three months.

The sale information and shipping video are all fake.

So, how did the two suspects commit their fraud?

The first thing you need to do is to get your own copy of the book, and then you'll be able to get your own copy. He added Ms. Sun's WeChat for a private chat and let her pay a deposit after the price was negotiated. Then, they shot a fake video of the delivery to trick Ms. Sun into trusting them. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services, including a full range of products and services.



At present, the suspect Bai Mou has been detained by the East Lake Public Security Bureau, and the suspect Xu Mou has been released on bail pending trial because of her pregnancy. The case is in further work.

Reminder

Please be discreet in private conversations.

Shopping

To be done on a regular platform

Transfers should also be "cash on delivery".

Source: Daqing Evening News

The original title: "idle fish" to buy a pet cat, the results fell into a scam ......

Read the original article

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Comments ()

 
        