---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 6e717e78972d5ab71550b101548b501321c4dedb
summary:
- Yes, it's 100% Siberian husky and registered with the AKC." Quoi's owner, Nicole
  Spahn, said.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the self-media platform "NetEase", which only provides
  information storage services.'
tags:
- husky
- huskies
- media
title: ' A very spoiled brown husky that has traveled to all 48 states! '
---

 2020-11-26 09:46:40 Source: MiB Photography Community

Report

This distinctive husky made its debut on the social world section of the social media site Instagram. Unlike other huskies, this dog has a husky body and sapphire blue eyes, but his hair is brown. It's very new, and it looks like a gray tree trunk.

  

"The Quoi Husky is actually not exactly brown in appearance. It still has a small white spot on its chest, and how many huskies do you see that look like it?
Yes, it's 100% Siberian husky and registered with the AKC." Quoi's owner, Nicole Spahn, said.

  

This somewhat fierce looking dog is actually very gentle at heart!

  

"Many people think he has a wolf side, and while he may pose for pictures like a wolf, he is a very spoiled dog!Quoi's full name is SeQuoi Tenko!
(Tenko means fox in Japanese.) He now travels with me, his mother, throughout the 48 states of the United States in search of a new state to call home!" Quoi's owner, Nicole Spahn
says.

  

Dogs who are raised by their moms just look more proud than other dogs!

  

Look dumbly at the food in the master's hands!

  

With disdain written all over my face.

  

Enjoying the afternoon sun at leisure

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

The above image is by photographer Nicole Spahn. Reproduction without permission is prohibited.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the self-media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        