---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 6f62bec766eef12baa5a3d1d74b2e44c5d251994
summary:
- Wild animals are, by definition, unprotected animals that grow or develop wild,
  so is the monitoring of these raccoons' life trajectories through GPS a criterion
  for non-cultivation or non-domestication?
- Shanghai citizens should be concerned about the cost of monitoring raccoons on a
  large scale.
- If raccoons reproduce, who will monitor their offspring?
tags:
- raccoons
- monitoring
- monitor
title: ' 3,000 [UNK] scurrying to suburban areas, wildlife monitoring by gps is not
  enough '
---

 2020-11-28 10:03:58 Source: Not a Monkey Dude

Report

Recently, I read a news article where some scholars claimed that there may be two to three thousand raccoons in Shanghai, collecting data by wearing GPS collars on their bodies.

So I was curious to find out what kind of animal raccoons are. It turns out that raccoons are also an ancestor of the Canidae family.

So my curiosity led me to the following questions.

  
  

1\\. If it does include surveillance, is the wildlife still wild?

Wild animals are, by definition, unprotected animals that grow or develop wild, so is the monitoring of these raccoons' life trajectories through GPS a criterion for non-cultivation or non-domestication? A wild animal is one that is left to grow and develop according to its natural laws, so what is the purpose of installing GPS in an urban area where mink are already unable to follow the natural laws of the wild? If the marten gets into trouble, such as chewing on a high-voltage line or breaking a gas line, can you stop it before it gets too close to danger? Or can they be held accountable after the fact? The animals in the city are no longer in the wild, so either organizations should return them to the wild or send them to zoos.

  
  

2\\. Is widespread wildlife monitoring actionable and is it worth spending so much social resources?

Shanghai citizens should be concerned about the cost of monitoring raccoons on a large scale. Who pays for the cost? Will the herbicides, pesticides, and pest control chemicals used in urban landscaping harm raccoons, and will this monitoring prevent them from doing so? If raccoons reproduce, who will monitor their offspring?

  
  

3 Dignity. Why do I need a GPS for my AstraZeneca?

I've researched and found that raccoons are not a "protected species", they are usually used by farms to provide a flow of pelts to market. Is it just to closely monitor their daily living conditions and behavior?

  
  

4. How do I control non-nuisance and what if someone hunts?

Checking the news about "human-raccoon conflicts," there have been similar incidents in several neighborhoods in Shanghai, where raccoons have gotten into the ceilings of homes and chased residents around the neighborhood. Is this a nuisance? Some experts say that the raccoons are caused by intensive feeding, so if someone feeds the raccoons, it means that someone is paying attention to them. If left unmanaged, isn't the equipment on monitored raccoons a waste?

  
  

A person should enjoy personal freedom and various democratic rights, which mainly means that everyone should be treated in accordance with human rights. Does it want to be monitored? They also have the right to refuse to be monitored, and the city is not the best place for them to live, but the wild is their real "home".

What do you guys think about the surveillance of raccoons?

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        