---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 72103a6de85cff0256ef864d68cf0fd6
summary:
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- wu
- particularly
- archery
title: ' The "Trio of Happiness 3" Wu Jing and his wife''s archery hands-on teaching,
  netizens: archery and dog food. '
---

 2020-11-27 11:09:59 Source: Project Pushing Stars

Report

The new episode of "Three Times the Charm" has been aired, and in a traditional festival, the Mid-Autumn Festival has been celebrated with a variety of folk activities and country fairs, and the festivities are everywhere, and everyone's face is really full of smiles and joy.

  

As three pairs of celebrity couples, definitely want to join this grand Mid-Autumn Festival celebration, they are starting to get busy, Wu Jing and Xie Nan finished their lunch early, they eat when they also said why are cabbage tofu, Xie Nan said a particularly funny one said: "cabbage tofu to keep the peace," the two also eat up! The ginseng, and then went to the marketplace to start their shopping activities.

  

  

They first came to the game field and played archery, but after many attempts, Xie Nan just couldn't shoot, she felt particularly disappointed, and then the side of Wu Jing every time they could shoot, the scene Wu Jing also hand-taught his wife, kung fu is not unworthy of a person to shoot, Wu Jing's performance also won a drink, which was distributed to the children next to.

  

  

Finally, they saw someone building a "medicine hair puppet", Wu Jing didn't say anything, he mobilized the crowd to work enthusiastically, not to mention that Wu Jing is really possessed by war wolves, in his personal command and help, and soon finished the construction, as long as the night to watch the fireworks and acrobatic show.

  

  

Let's stay tuned for what will happen next with Wu Jing and his wife.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        