---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 72d6f51f3811e731523fda2d5172bfceac0f6052
summary:
- Animal, everyone stay put." Then, the first time he reflected the situation to the
  Chun'an County Forestry Bureau, requesting the Forestry Bureau to send someone to
  identify and deal with the "big fish monster".
tags:
- fish
- staff
- protected
title: ' A Thousand-Year-old Treasure Found in Chun''an Qiandao Lake is a National
  Grade II Protected Wild Animal '
---

 The thousand-year-old giant salamander found in the waters of the Qiandao Lake in Chun'an is a national grade II protected wild animal.

Time：2020-11-28 16:23:39 Sat Source：Hangzhou Net

On November 26, 13:40 pm, in Chun'an County, near the waters of Qiandao Lake, cleaners Zheng Yuling and colleagues as usual in the lake shoreline to salvage floating objects, suddenly found a large group of gray floating on the lake "plastic bag", Zheng Yuling with a mesh in his hands gently pushed, this group of "Plastic bag" suddenly stretched out four claws, scared Zheng Yuling screamed, his colleagues heard rushed to probe a closer look, found that it looks like a lizard, but can swim in the water, thought it was a "big fish monster.

The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the newest version of the newest version.  Animal, everyone stay put." Then, the first time he reflected the situation to the Chun'an County Forestry Bureau, requesting the Forestry Bureau to send someone to identify and deal with the "big fish monster".

Chun'an County Forestry Bureau staff received the news and immediately rushed to the scene. I saw the "big fish monster" body was grayish brown, smooth, non-scaly body, but covered with spots and mucus, flat head, short flat limbs, a big mouth, fingers and toes before four after five. After field staff measurements, the "big fish monster" is 100 cm long and weighs about 7.5 kg.

What exactly is this creature? In the end, after professional identification, the "big fish monster" turned out to be a wild giant salamander, commonly known as "baby fish", which is a national second-class protected wild animal and the largest and most valuable amphibian in the world. They are fierce and carnivorous, feeding on aquatic insects, fish, crabs and shrimp. Upon examination, there were no obvious injuries on the body of the baby fish, and its physical condition was basically normal. The staff chose a suitable water for the dollfish to live in and released it back to nature in place.

"The dollfish mainly inhabits clear, cold streams or natural caves, which require high water quality, and most of the waters in Chun'an County are the favorite habitat of the giant salamander." Chun'an County forest resources and wildlife conservation station deputy station chief Fang Weijun, in recent years, Chun'an Mountain has been found many times doll fish, found in Qiandao Lake lake area is still rare.

The reporter learned from the Chun'an County Urban Management Bureau, according to the provisions of China's criminal law, illegal hunting, killing of state-protected precious and endangered wildlife, or illegal acquisition, transportation, sale of state-protected precious and endangered wildlife and their products, sentenced to less than five years of fixed-term imprisonment or detention, and a fine; the circumstances are serious, sentenced to more than five years and less than ten years of fixed-term imprisonment, and a fine; the circumstances are particularly Serious cases are punishable by imprisonment for more than ten years and a fine or confiscation of property.

If the public finds uninjured wild animals in the wild, they should try to release them in their native place; if they are injured and need help, please contact the forestry department in time so that they can receive due protection. Illegal hunting, transportation, operation and consumption of wild animals and their products are strictly prohibited. Chun'an County will continue to intensify the fight against illegal hunting, selling, transporting, operating wildlife and products of criminal behavior, severe punishment from severe and swift.

Author: Correspondent Jiang Lei Yu Juelei Reporter Chen Pei Editor: Xu Wenjie

 
        