---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 73d68cd86e1e0049f0b0144c0c47b17a635df0c4
summary:
- It, the Sphinx cat.
- The Sphinx is gentle, intelligent and agile, and is loved by people with cat hair
  allergies, but the Sphinx is not completely hairless.
- This is one of the reasons why the Sphinx is also known as the Canadian Hairless
  Cat.
tags:
- cat
- cats
- hairless
title: ' The Mutant "Weird" Sphinx Cat, So Gentle! '
---

 It's like something out of the movie "ET". It, with its unique and bizarre shape, has a scowl written all over it. It, with wrinkles as if it were a genetic mutation monster. It, the Sphinx cat.

The Sphinx, also known as the Canadian Hairless Cat, is loved beyond words by some people, while those who are used to furry cats may find the Sphinx's appearance too frightening. The Sphinx is gentle, intelligent and agile, and is loved by people with cat hair allergies, but the Sphinx is not completely hairless.

The recessive gene determines that the Sphinx is few and short, and if you look closely, you will find that there are still some tiny hairs on the paws and behind the ears, and some Sphinxes also have soft, short hairs on their bodies that feel unique to the touch.

It should never be taken for granted that animals with short hair are not cold-hardy, although this is true for some animals. However, the Sphinx cat adapts accordingly to cold conditions and grows fine body hair in sustained cold temperatures. The Sphinx was deliberately inbred to cater to those with cat hair allergies, to appease this group of cat lovers.

In fact, the "hairless cat" has a long history of tenderness toward humans. As early as 1700 years ago, there are records of Native Americans breeding Sphinx cats, which can be said to be one of the oldest pets of mankind. Although there are records of hairless cats being bred in different countries and regions in history, the current mainstream theory on the origin of the Sphinx is.

In 1966, a pair of domestic Shorthair cats gave birth to a hairless kitten in Lunnsvalles, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The pair of short-haired cats were then acquired by a breeder, who began a breeding program that was successful. This is one of the reasons why the Sphinx is also known as the Canadian Hairless Cat.

By now, Sphinx cats have been bred for blue and white, trichrome, and heavy coloration, ensuring a rich gene pool. The process of breeding Sphinx cats goes through a hairy-hairless cycle to ensure that they are healthy and less prone to disease. The Sphinx, known as the "dog of cats", is an exemplary pet with a gentle disposition.

However, it is actually very difficult to keep a Sphinx cat.

First of all, the Sphinx has an extremely high body temperature (4 degrees Celsius higher than the average body temperature of other breeds of cats), so the environment in which the Sphinx is kept must be kept above 25 degrees Celsius, otherwise the Sphinx will feel uncomfortable. Secondly, hairless skin is prone to seborrheic dermatitis, which requires frequent wiping and bathing, and domestic cats do not like water.

Some of my friends who own Sphinx cats have complained that this cat not only needs to be bathed frequently, but also needs a long time to be "scrubbed" every time it is bathed: ......

Of course Sphinxes are not just popular with pet owners because they are "hairless", they are rare cats that can be described as "loyal" to humans, and they are also patient and patient with humans.

There was once an American girl who unfortunately suffered from Childhood Sensory Integration Disorder, a rare and incurable condition, when she was a child.
Children with this disorder are unable to process and analyze the information that enters their brains, and are unaware of what is going on around them.

This condition caused the entire family a lot of grief, and the girl's mother suffered from depression. However, after adopting a sphinx cat named Rosie, the girl's condition miraculously improved and her perception of the world gradually returned to normal, and her mother was cured.

Although people are often attracted to the strange appearance of Sphinx cats, which may even be offensive to some people, what they lack in fur is the greatest tenderness for people with "cat hair allergies," which is more than compensated for by their personality. It has also been proven that the Sphinx's gentle personality makes up for its lack of hair. If you are looking for an interesting pet, would you choose the Sphinx?

 
        