---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 7488a989b3e6e220e635026ad6289f741f3d25de
summary:
- In the UK, there was a German Shepherd who, despite being 4 years old, was still
  small enough to be a corgi and was often thought to be a puppy by passersby, but
  in fact he had a rare disease.
- _Tiger the German Shepherd suffers from dwarfism_.
- _Tiger German Shepherd_.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- coleman
title: ' Such a cute dog doesn''t want to be touched? Shovel: Danger! It''s aggressive! '
---

 German Shepherd (German)
The Shepherd is also used as a police dog, search and rescue dog, etc. due to its size, powerful appearance, and ability to work. In the UK, there was a German Shepherd who, despite being 4 years old, was still small enough to be a corgi and was often thought to be a puppy by passersby, but in fact he had a rare disease.

_Tiger the German Shepherd suffers from dwarfism_.

The media reported that John Coleman had received a letter from his friend Ken Northcote.
Coleman said, "When I saw the picture from the breeder, my first thought was that it was so cute, but it could also be a danger to him! ".

_Tiger German Shepherd_.

Dwarfism causes the puppy to stop growing and can lead to health problems, such as a shortened lifespan and skin, teeth and coat growth. ", eventually choosing to adopt him and naming him Tiger.

_Tiger the German Shepherd_.

After being sent to dog school for training, Tiger, not surprisingly, tried to be aggressive with people and dogs, only with Coleman did he show his cute side, "We can't put him in a kennel because he's too aggressive, we can't even take him on vacation, it would be a burden", and when passersby found him cute and wanted to touch him, he One day when Tiger was taken to the hospital with an infection, Coleman thought that if he had died, life would be easier, but he was very upset, and his mood was quite complicated.

In a similar case, a three-year-old German Shepherd, Ranger, also suffering from the rare disease Pituitary Dwarfism, was found in Phoenix, Arizona, USA.
Dwarfism), the owner thought the dog was just a small puppy until he noticed that it didn't seem to be growing up and sent it to the hospital for an examination.

 
        