---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 750de3ddb3292138783ccc450c84bea8
summary:
- The man has the face value of Zhang Yunlong, who has worked with Ju Jingjing in
  several movies and dramas, and their cp feels full, which is why this photo is so
  bright.
- I believe that this movie and drama will not disappoint, after all, there is Ju
  Jing and Xu Jiaqi with the same high face value.
tags:
- girl
- face
- drama
title: ' After a new play in Hsu Jiaqi, he is still a cute pet idol! '
---

 Xu Jiaqi is a very good girl, thanks to her participation in "Youth With You", her light can not be completely hidden. The third place came out good, and now the resources are getting better and better, it turns out that she is a multi-talented girl with high face value and her popularity is very high, after participating in the program, there was a wave of enthusiasm, she got a lot of resources, although she is not a C-star, but her resources are much better than the first and second.

After the premiere of Heo Gia Kee, after participating in some group activities, a new drama is finally going to be aired, and he is still a sweet favorite idol drama with a man who is a fairy face. Although she was born in a girl group, many people think that her appearance is very similar to that of a real actress, and she realized this, so she slowly got involved in some movies and TV dramas, before she had an amazing performance in "The Legend of Yunxi", where she was also very beautiful in her costume.

This new drama is exactly what she is best at, namely "Faye Ru Yi". In fact, for those of you who know Xu Jiaqi, this drama has been on the air for a long time, but it has never aired, however, there are frequent trailers and posters, and the air date is not far away.

If you're looking for an actress to play the role of a hostess, she has a lot of supporting roles and works with her teammate Ju Jing Yi, who is a perfect match for the two of them. The man has the face value of Zhang Yunlong, who has worked with Ju Jingjing in several movies and dramas, and their cp feels full, which is why this photo is so bright.

I believe that this movie and drama will not disappoint, after all, there is Ju Jing and Xu Jiaqi with the same high face value.

She is the real hostess of the drama. Although there is no news, many netizens said: I am so happy to be a fan of Xu Jiaqi, there are so many drama groups and dramas, so I don't worry about the second half of the year.

 
        