---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 76e297ad9d843e6f345eb448a9a433c5
summary:
- Yesterday, in a subway station in Beijing, a man holding a sign saying, "I lost
  my job watching the World Cup and I'm looking for a humane boss," complained that
  he took the day off because of a cold and watched Germany's victory over Portugal
  late at night.
tags:
- free
- million
- film
title: ' Lighter moments of the day: what I eat at the beginning of the month, what
  the dog eats, and what the dog eats a week later. '
---

 Lighter moments of the day: what I eat at the beginning of the month payday, what the dog eats, and what the dog eats a week later.

The beginning of the month payroll I eat what the dog eats, a week later the dog eats what I eat.  

  
  

The end of the month to live can not go on, fast pay! You are my little apple, I can't get enough of you!  

  
  

The editor wants to follow the example of the little African brothers from Ghana who participated in the World Cup, and no money is paid to write about easy moments!

It is said that the Ghanaian players insisted on asking for 3 million dollars from the government. In order to let the players play better, the Ghanaian government tightened their belts and raised 3 million dollars and rented a special plane to send the money to Brazil to stabilize the military.  

  
  

Unfortunately, last night's game against Portugal didn't have any grape skins, so the $3 million was lost!

The editor-in-chief of the interview came out with a satisfied smile on his face, and bowed his head and coded again.  

  
  

Where is the sense of national honor when you are poor and short of ambition and make conditions with your country? It's just like the KMT team back then, no money, no war!

Also, which country's players are so embarrassed, the first time I've seen someone walk with their clothes on backwards with such confidence~.  

  
  

Look at the German manager, Leif, who is in charge of the main manager! Against the United States caught heavy rain, the booger didn't forget to command even when wet, and was rated by German netizens as the sexiest scene in the World Cup. The beauty of not picking your nose, bad reviews!  
The rain-washed boogers have a fragrance from the nature. Leif excitedly commanded to let the body temperature rise and simmer over medium heat for twenty minutes, when the saltiness was just right, Leif leisurely opened his umbrella and enjoyed the heavenly delicacy.  

  
  

What effect does rain have on a soccer game? Noses tend to get watery, and boogers turn into snot.

Also, it is easier to see the player's hairline.  

  
  

Biting momentary cool, Su Yag brother was suspended for 9 games because of biting, 4 months can not participate in soccer activities, Su Shen's trip to Brazil World Cup game!
over, dog lovers have filed an appeal. The "tongue on the tip of the suya" suspended, please tell each other.  

  
  

This is because you don't understand the old Chinese saying, "A gentleman's hands don't move his mouth. It doesn't matter, it's still a good dog, so please stay calm and try not to argue.  

  
  

And look at the players who were bitten by Su Ya! The petite hotel waitress poses for him with a bite, and he's so full of lust that he doesn't pull his shirt off for the judges to see!  

  
  

If men can't bite, women can bite all they want!  

  
  

Do you want to be bitten by an actress? Keep your eyes peeled, it's a cell phone in your panties, cell phone! Nope. I'm not. People are making music videos with their underwear between their phones to support the World Cup.  

  
  

Yesterday, in a subway station in Beijing, a man holding a sign saying, "I lost my job watching the World Cup and I'm looking for a humane boss," complained that he took the day off because of a cold and watched Germany's victory over Portugal late at night.
The vice president saw it and told him, "Don't come to work.  

  
  

You must be supporting the wrong team! The vice president bought 10,000 Portuguese wins!

It's so stupid, the leader is going to be kicked to the blacklisted well, you see little editor I, just put the editor-in-chief. Oh, nothing.  

  
  

I'm not sure how much I'll be able to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it in a few minutes. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that...  

  
  

Look over here if you've lost a lot of money in gambling. An unemployed Chinese man in the U.S. bought a random lottery ticket while taking a walk and unexpectedly won $70 million, equivalent to 430 million RMB! He's already spent a month planning how to spend the money.  

  
  

Don't think about it, I've got it all planned out and all I need to do is win the lottery.  

  
  

The World Cup "scholar" who spent the house is still gambling, college entrance exam scholar has buzzed out to pull hatred.  

  
  

Who says falling in love delays study? Seeing a schoolboy couple showing their love again, with pictures and facts!

  

  

Is this cold or hot?  

  
  

The current is fast, you two swim and cherish it!  

  
  

This is the look on the face of the scum after the college entrance exam when we discuss the exam questions.  

  
  

This is the school disciplinary notice of the Hengshui Middle School in Hebei province, which is a processing plant for scholarship winners, to feel how the scholarship winners are made.  

  

  

  

  

  
  

Shaanxi science scholar interviewed, female students lying window gazed deeply. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.  

  
  

It's just that you're good at studying, but you're also handsome, so can't people live with me and other ugly-looking loser dregs?  

  
  

Jiangsu science scholar Wu Chengjie, who wanted to report to Peking University's Department of Journalism was urged by reporters to change his mind, "The reporters who interviewed me didn't recommend that I take journalism, so I'm considering whether to read finance."  

  
  

The journalist who hates his line of work is the conscience of the industry? Why don't you send another financial loser to talk to him?  

  
  

It was good to study finance, and from there the guy went, "Do you need a loan in the near future?" The road of no return.  

  
  

I'm still very impressed with these college entrance exam winners, you just give me drugs I can't get such a high score ah!  

  
  

Arrested for drug use, Mr. Ning, who did not want to be named, said, "Can I have a mosaic?"

CCTV: "Yes~~"  

  
  

I felt the CCTV full of malice.

No wonder he always felt like he was going to fall asleep when he watched Do Not Disturb, thinking he couldn't stand the female guests, but he was a drug addict.  

  
  

This, is the entertainment industry.  

  
  

I'm not sure if this is the case, but I think it is. The first thing you need to do is to take the rifle and play with the knife, dance to the climax of a small ghost on the field, auntie instantly become "anti-Japanese women's army", holding a gun to the ghosts around, forcing the ghosts to surrender. "Fight the ghosts" square dance is magnificent, as if back before liberation!  

  

  

The Japanese were scared to death, whose family's defeated lordship was captured?  

  
  

Bright Eyes! The newest song of the square dance "Little Apple" is actually from "How Steel is Made".  

  
  

Square dancing is a training ground for beginners, foreign dance square dance is the first level, fighting the devil is only the second level.  

  
  

After the Diaoyu Islands, it's up to you aunts, if not, first go to the Hengdian Anti-Japanese Base for a training.  

  
  

The Transformers want to challenge the Chinese aunts have to weigh the weight, today, the American blockbuster "Transformers 4" hot release, the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television (SARFT) called for rational scheduling, support for domestic movies, if the American film uncontrolled entry, the Chinese film industry will be hit hard.  

  
  

It's like cutting off Yao Ming, so that Guo Jingming can get taller; it's like making women look like eunuchs when men around the world are impotent.  

  
  

It's like the world's men are impotent, and women can look at eunuchs. It's like the world's men are impotent, and women can look at eunuchs.  

  
  

A normal teacher should encourage and help a low-achieving student to study harder, and even sacrifice more time and energy to help him improve, instead of trying to keep high-achieving students out of class.  

  
  

The biggest enemy of domestic movies is not.

Forget it, don't chase after beautiful women, be rational and fall in love with ugly women, understand!  

  
  

How do you feel when you come back from a movie and your house is blown up like this?  

  

  

A couple of quarrels in Beijing on the 25th, a woman's anger at a natural gas explosion shockwave calamity to her neighbors. I said my house was blown up, let's do it another day, my friend said it's okay, he insisted on coming, we picked up some food on the ground and had a happy afternoon ...... "  

  

  

Picked up some food on the ground. What used to be a bag of corn is now a pile of popcorn, right?  

  
  

The world of food you won't understand. A snow leopard broke into a herdsman's house in Qinghai province and ate a calf, but the nature of the eater was exposed and the leopard couldn't run.  

  
  

Stupid! If you can't finish it, you can take it with you!

Today I ate a cow, held on to the wall to get in, held on to the wall to get out, and felt myself sprouting!  

  
  

Eventually, with the help of the local government, the stupid snow leopard was released.

Blame it on being a foodie, the sadness of food, who can understand, absolutely, absolutely no more fat!  

  
  

A leopard falls down and is bullied by a dog, which is really a shame for the Meow Clan! How can people face their buddies in the future if they are filmed?  

  
  

Certain leaders should take a lesson from this, eat almost on the line, greedy and chewy. Not everyone has an "umbrella" like a snow leopard and can get out of it.  

  
  

A man in Daye, Hubei province, imitated the leader with six stacks of medals to high-end KTV consumption, called 11 girls to sing with him, and was found at the checkout. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.

After being arrested by the police, he confessed that he did it to experience the life of a rich man!  

  
  

After drinking free wine, singing free songs, touching free girls, going in and free meals, experiencing the life of the rich and experiencing the life of prisoners, brother you are worth it.  

  
  

I still think it's the most fun to play a thief with a wad of money in your pocket, and you really should have said, "I'm down there with this money, don't you want it?".  

  
  

I wanted to experience the life of a rich man, and spent 30,000 on a piece of jade from the Qing dynasty, and almost had my leg broken by my cousin's niece!  

  
  

Well don't say anymore, face to face to think about why they are so bad to go.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        