---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 7b5b852b8261a32016e9168fcc0722b9
summary:
- When driving with pets, it is best not to put them in the passenger seat, but in
  the back seat of the car to avoid distractions and safety accidents.
tags:
- safety
- driving
- car
title: ' There was a dog''s head on the driver''s side of the car, and I thought it
  was a dog driving the car, but when I saw it, I realized it was a mistake. '
---

 Nowadays, living conditions have become better and private cars are no longer rare, which makes it much easier for people to travel. Especially for those who have elderly people, children and pets at home, there is no need to worry about them not being able to go out because of the inconvenience of the car. However, the most important thing about driving is to pay attention to safety, as the saying goes: driving is not standardized, family members two lines of tears ah.

It's a good idea to take a look at the following little story that happened a few days ago, which is a reminder to those who have cars at home. This day when the netizen on the road, see a car driver's seat appeared a dog head, this can put him terrified, almost thought it was a dog driving it, in any case, this is not very safe, so the matter to the police report.

The police, through surveillance, saw that it was a misunderstanding, and that the car was still being driven by the owner, but the dog had just run into the driver's seat. But immediately contacted the owner of the car, who was punished for this behavior that endangered public safety, but also realized his mistake.

In fact, the shovel officer originally took the dog out to eat, the dog was sitting in the passenger seat, but because he was too naughty, so he ran to the driver's seat, but because he was driving, it was inconvenient to move the dog away, which created such a situation.

In fact, the veterinarian Xiaoming felt that the shovel officer deducted some points and fined some money, but the important thing is to remember today's lesson, so it is really unsafe. If there is an accident, it will be too late to cry, right?

The number of people driving has increased, safety hazards have increased, and drunk driving is a serious situation. Vet Ming has learned a lot about drunk driving in the news in recent years. Take last year's Maserati case, for example, which caused a huge stir at the time and continues to be followed by many people to this day. The woman who owned the car had not only caused a few deaths, but also herself.

Drunk driving is not only irresponsible for your own life, but it endangers the safety of others. If you are out and can't shirk the need to drink, get a substitute driver. Don't take the chance that you're not too drunk, that you're still capable of driving, or that you don't have a traffic cop to check for DUIs. Either you get into an accident or your license is revoked, which is very dangerous.

After all, so many accidents have warned us to pay attention to driving safety, or else we will pay the price of life. I hope everyone can cherish life and be responsible for themselves, their families and everyone else.

When driving with pets, it is best not to put them in the passenger seat, but in the back seat of the car to avoid distractions and safety accidents. When you leave the car, don't leave your pet alone in the car, the car is closed and it is easy to affect your pet's life safety because of the lack of air circulation.

Some pets may experience motion sickness, but don't let them stick their heads out of the window, as this is dangerous. It is recommended that the shovelers roll down the windows to allow pets to breathe the fresh air outside, which may slightly alleviate the symptoms of car sickness. In addition, the level of car sickness may decrease with the number of car rides your pet takes.

Image from the Internet.

 
        