---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 7c9d1c8f93f384d0b2c24781c48d946268350a14
summary: []
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- animals
title: ' Zoos feed African wild dogs to live sheep to keep them wild (Figure) '
---

 Zoos feed African wild dogs to live sheep to keep them wild (Figure)  

* * * *

CCTV International www.cctv.com March 12, 2007, 10:50 Source.

New Business News

Zoo Feeds African Wild Dogs Live Sheep to Keep Them Wild

A frightened shivering sheep, a group of howling madly jumped on the African wild dogs ...... bloody, brutal, in the sheep tearing heart of the cry, it is the flesh of the wild dogs piece by piece to tear off, finally only left broken skeleton, and those who eat meat of the wild dogs, face covered with blood, the eyes of the fierce light.

For some time, living in Xigang District, Binhai Road, a little girl Li Le (a pseudonym) often have such nightmares, every time you wake up, the child always with a cry and asked his mother, "Why do those breeders drag the live sheep to feed the wild dogs?". Why didn't they go and save the poor little sheep?" This is the first time I've ever seen the world's largest collection of wild dogs in my life.

**The desperate cries of the wild dogs competing for the live sheep echoed for a long time **.

In the morning of March 8, the reporter came to the district, the most northern two residential buildings and the forest zoo breeding area is only separated by an iron fence, by looking down from the fence, you can clearly see the leopard, deer and other animals kept in the park, the African wild dog breeding area is very close to the district. The reporter found at the scene, more than 10 African wild dogs are running around on the territory, and less than 50 meters away from its place, a few sheep to be slaughtered are confined in the fence, they look at the wild dogs shivering. "That's the live sheep that is left to feed the wild dogs, and every few days, the staff hauls one out." According to Ms. Xu, a resident of the two residential buildings near the zoo, there are a lot of elderly people and children living in the building, they often see wild dogs sharing the scene of live sheep, "the wild dogs do not bite down on the neck of the sheep to kill them, but you tear a piece of meat on the buttocks of the sheep, it bites on the legs of the sheep, often almost to the sheep on the meat to tear all the poor little sheep can not be cut off! I don't need to say that the scene was unbearable, just the screams of the sheep that lasted for tens of minutes were enough to torment our nerves." The 57-year-old retired teacher, Ms. Chi, has even more palpitations about the live sheep feeding the wild dogs: "I now hardly dare to live in the north house, let alone stand in front of the window to see the animals, afraid of witnessing the bloody scene, but also afraid to hear the sheep's fear and desperate screams." Ms. Chi told reporters that for a while she even had to sell her house because of this. If feeding wild dogs to live sheep is a kind of mental torture for adults, then for children it is more fear and incomprehension. One little boy asked the reporter, "Why don't the adults save the sheep?" In a child's fairy tale world, it's hard to imagine the impact of such animal hunting scenes on them. A parent told reporters: a while ago, a bloody animated video about the film was suspended by CCTV, and our children here will probably witness the scene of hitting live sheep being eaten.

**The dog learned badly to chase and bite stray cats**.

This kind of bloody tearing is not only disturbing to the residents, but also very irritating to the pets. According to the residents of the neighborhood, one of the households in the neighborhood has a large pet dog, and this big dog always watches the scene of African wild dogs tearing and biting live sheep.
In the past, the zoo has often chased and bitten stray cats, and even tore two Persian cats to death, which is very similar to African wild dogs biting live sheep.

The residents have repeatedly approached the zoo for solutions to their problems. "We don't have excessive requirements, even if the sheep before feeding it to the wild dog, kill it first, to reduce its pain, or simply feed the lamb." The teacher Chi told reporters that she had approached the park and made such a suggestion, but the staff said that the sheep are dead anyway, so why bother.



Is it right or wrong to feed African wild dogs to live sheep? Most of the interviewees thought it was too bloody and cruel, especially near residential areas, which seriously affected nearby residents, especially children. In addition, it is also contrary to the concept of animal protection.

There are also some people who said that feeding African wild dogs with live sheep is to keep the wild dogs wild, and at the same time, nature is the prey of the strong and the weak, no big deal.

In the past few years, we've seen a lot of people who have been trying to find a way to get the best out of the wild dogs. The first thing you need to do is to get your own personal information about the company and its products. The Beijing Safari Park has also stated that they strongly discourage the feeding of live animals to raptors in order to effectively improve animal welfare.

**Wildlife Preservation Station: animals in zoos are for viewing, there is no need to keep them wild**.

According to Song Zemin, director of the Dalian Wildlife Protection Station, from the point of view of social morality, the whole process of feeding live food is too bloody and cruel, which violates the purpose of animal protection; secondly, from the point of view of life morality, one cannot kill one wild animal for the sake of another's survival. Secondly, from the point of view of life ethics, one cannot kill one wild animal for the sake of another. Therefore, he suggested that the zoos concerned should stop feeding live food to the animals.
According to Song, at present, the welfare of wild animals in China has been greatly improved, but compared to some European and American countries and Asian countries such as Singapore and Malaysia, the legislation of animal protection and animal welfare is still backward, and in addition to the urgent need for relevant legislation, it is also necessary for each of us to enhance the awareness of treating animals well.

The forest zoo was built before the residential area, which is unexpected. However, we will not disclose this matter simply to determine who is right and wrong, but to raise awareness on how to solve this problem. We will continue to pay attention to this issue and reflect on the living environment of animals, so that we can learn to live in harmony with nature and animals and make our city home more beautiful.

Editor：Guo Rui

 
        