---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 7ed60c893b399b684dd579ff95e524754b222040
summary:
- However, not all animals are afraid of the cold, such as flamingos, squirrel monkeys,
  baboons, lemurs and other animals that are less resistant to the cold only open
  the bath bombs in their cages, while animals that are more resistant to the cold,
  such as brown bears, northeastern tigers, foxes, deer, etc., do not need it and
  can live well in winter.
tags:
- animals
- animal
- deer
title: ' It''s cold, Zunyi zoo''s "cute baby" winter this way! '
---

 In the past few years, we have seen a lot of people wearing sweaters, down jackets and other clothing to open up the winter season.

It's a great way to get the most out of the game. The ring-tailed lemurs loved to huddle together for warmth and sleep; the flamingos, squirrel monkeys, baboons, lemurs and so on had their bathing heats installed in their cages; the tigers, lions and other mammals no longer loved to exercise and crawled in the small rooms and did not want to go out; the deer, such as the sika deer and fallow deer, stood together to keep each other warm; the golden pythons and other cold-blooded animals had already hid in their blankets.

Ring-tailed Lemurs Crowding Together for Warmth

"Some of the animals have increased the amount of food." Zunyi zoo animal management section chief Fu Bin said, for example, squirrel monkeys, baboons and other African animals, food will be adjusted according to these animals' own feeding situation, winter food intake is greater, they are prepared to more. Other animals that are more sensitive to temperature, however, take to opening their bath bombs to keep out the cold.

However, not all animals are afraid of the cold, such as flamingos, squirrel monkeys, baboons, lemurs and other animals that are less resistant to the cold only open the bath bombs in their cages, while animals that are more resistant to the cold, such as brown bears, northeastern tigers, foxes, deer, etc., do not need it and can live well in winter. In addition, the bath bombs in most animal cages are turned on from 5:00 p.m., while those of ring-tailed lemurs and squirrel monkeys need to be turned on 24 hours a day.

In order to prevent the occurrence of disease, Zunyi Zoo has also increased the disinfection of the cages, cleaning work, and reminded the public to come to the visit to wear a good mask.

The first time I saw this, I thought it was a good idea.

 
        