---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 7fda1c501fb31043fc936385d41e6f45
summary:
- Hou Changliang who has been teaching for 10 years and Lei Yudan who has been teaching
  for 4 years.
- Video inviting students to witness their wedding photos goes viral online
- Hou Changliang chooses to come to mountain village to teach
- Hou Changliang when he was teaching in Guangxi.
tags:
- hou
- zhaotong
- lei
title: ' It''s so warm, I''ll eat this dog food! Zhaotong netizens quickly give their
  blessings to this Hunan couple! '
---

 # It's so warm, I'm eating this dog food! Zhaotong netizens quickly give their blessings to this Hunan couple!

2020-11-23 20:00 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Media

These two days

Hou Changliang who has been teaching for 10 years and Lei Yudan who has been teaching for 4 years.

Haizi Xiangyangping Primary School in Yiliang, Zhaotong

Video inviting students to witness their wedding photos goes viral online

Hou Changliang, 34, is from Shaoyang, Hunan.

28-year-old Lei Yudan is from Huaihua, Hunan.

This Couple Takes Root in Yi Liang Mountain Village to Teach

They usually record their children's growth on video.

After College

Hou Changliang chooses to come to mountain village to teach

Tough Conditions

Had to walk 3 hours up a mountain to carry books back to school.

Hou Changliang started out as a teacher in Hechi, Guangxi.

Later in Bijie, Guizhou

These years were spent in Zhaotong, Yunnan Province.

At the time he was thinking of only teaching for two years.

I didn't think I could teach that long.

Starting in 2011

This is already his tenth year of teaching.

Hou Changliang when he was teaching in Guangxi.

Lei Yudan is still in graduate school.

She then called Hou Changliang.

The two later came together in 2017 to teach in Yunnan.

Lui Yu Dan is particularly fond of learning.

Patience and hard work.

During the days of teaching

They enjoy each other.

Coming Together

They are now in their fourth year of teaching together.

Inviting Students

They took their own unique wedding photos together.

Mr. Lei said

She wanted to take this opportunity to make good memories with her students.

Watch the video

The netizens expressed their most sincere wishes.

↓

Hou Changliang, Lei Yudan

Mountain Education in Zhaotong

Thank you.

It's too warm.

Come on!

Bless the two teachers!

Featured Past Issues

▶▶▶▶▶▶ 丨来源@昭通日报 微信（ID：ztrbwx）综合丨@掌上春城 微信（ID：kmzscc）丨侯长亮抖音号

The first thing you need to do is to get your own copy of the book.

The only way to do this is to make sure that you have the right tools for the job.

I'm not going to be able to do that.

Original title: "Too warm, this wave of dog food I ate! Zhaotong netizens quickly send blessings to this Hunan couple!

Read the original article

Keywords &gt;&gt; Media Number

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Related Recommendations

## Comment ()

 
        