---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 821f177b5e550c0033fa9a3e7fb7a7a4
summary:
- The reporter interviewed the Longquan police learned that in January this year,
  online appear successively Wu Moumou through microblogging, he and he Moumou two
  people in the process of dealing with the dispute between the two parties, many
  times received he sent through WeChat threats, threatening information, personal
  safety is threatened, normal life is seriously interfered with; at the same time,
  he Moumou personal privacy is leaked by others, spread network, cell phone received
  a large number of harassing phone calls and abusive SMS, normal Life was seriously
  interfered with.
tags:
- reports
- reported
- reporter
title: ' Corgi fall death follow-up: How was the Corgi killed? What''s the follow-up? '
---

 **threatens the safety and privacy of others**.

**Woman who fell dog and dog owner both detained**.

**The five people in the case are all being dealt with for violations committed via the Internet, the police said, and the corgi fall fatalities show once again that the Internet is an illegal place**.

Li was administratively detained for distributing He's cell phone number and other private information via Weibo.

The dog's owner, Mr. Wu, was detained for disclosing the privacy of others.

In January this year, a series of exclusive reports by the Huaxi Metropolis Daily-Cover News on the "suspected death of a puppy due to an unsuccessful attempt to collect a fee" sparked strong interest nationwide, and recently, a new development was reported.

The police have also detained four people for using the network to disseminate personal information about other people. Private information, 27 days by the police in accordance with the law were each sentenced to 7 days of administrative detention.

**** Five people involved in the case were administratively detained ****

The reporter interviewed the Longquan police learned that in January this year, online appear successively Wu Moumou through microblogging, he and he Moumou two people in the process of dealing with the dispute between the two parties, many times received he sent through WeChat threats, threatening information, personal safety is threatened, normal life is seriously interfered with; at the same time, he Moumou personal privacy is leaked by others, spread network, cell phone received a large number of harassing phone calls and abusive SMS, normal Life was seriously interfered with.

On February 7, the Honghe police station received a report from Wu Moumou that her personal safety was threatened by others and her normal life was seriously interfered with, which the police station immediately accepted; on February 10, the Honghe police station received a report from He Moumou that her privacy was leaked by others and her normal life was seriously interfered with, which the police station immediately accepted.

After extensive investigation and evidence gathering work, the public security organs identified, He Moumou (female, 35 years old, Chengdu Jinjiang District) on January 11 through WeChat to send threats, threatening information to Wu Moumou, threatening Wu Moumou's personal safety, his behavior violated the "People's Republic of China Public Security Administration Punishment Law" Article 42, paragraph 1 of the provisions of the 27th, according to the law to his administrative detention for 7 days punishment. Wu (female, 21 years old, from Nannan County, Sichuan Province) violated Article 42, Item 6 of the Public Security Administration Punishment Law on January 10 by distributing He's cell phone number and other private information through Weibo, and was sentenced to seven days of administrative detention on January 27 according to the law.

The public security organs also identified, Li Mou (male, 26 years old, a native of Yingshan County, Sichuan Province) through the microblogging He Moumou cell phone number and other privacy, Liu Mou (female, 28 years old, a native of Qingyang District, Chengdu City) secretly filming He Moumou medical personal file information and other private information and disseminate, Ding Mou (female, 27 years old, a native of Wanzhou District, Chongqing City) through the microblogging He Moumou identity documents and family information and other information, its behavior violated the "Public Security Penalty Law". The People's Republic of China Public Security Management Penalty Law "Article 42, Item 6 of the provisions of the 27, according to the law for three people were sentenced to administrative detention for 7 days.

**Reduce the whole process of cyber disputes**

According to the public security authorities, December 23, 2017, Wu Moumou Corgi dog in the community lost, first by a community owner found and handed to the community gatekeeper custody, then was living in the same community owner Shi Moumou took in. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services, including a full range of products and services, and a wide range of products and services.

After that, Wu Moumou by looking for the corgi in the home, contact to ask for the return, but he refused to return, the two sides dispute. On the morning of January 11 this year, Wu and others arrived at the residence of Mr. He asked for the dog, He refused to open the door, Wu called 110 police, police arrived on the scene to deal with. In the police identity, He will open the door, the search did not find corgi in He Moumou home. Then, Wu and others went downstairs to continue to look behind the building to find the corgi lying on the ground, after the corgi died.

The Honghe police station brought both parties to the police station to ask about the details. After investigation, He Moumou had a dispute with Wu over the return of the corgi, and received a lot of harassing phone calls on his own phone. In order not to return the corgi after the door of Wu Moumou and other people, He Moumou tied a rope with a towel, fall coat, scarf and other things, trying to put the corgi downstairs through the rope. In the process, the knot came loose and the corgi fell to the ground and died.

**Conversation / words / civil / police why detained 5 people? ***

On March 28, reporters from the Chengdu Public Security Bureau Longquanyi District Branch was informed that the bureau recently handled a case of using the Internet to threaten the personal safety of others and spread the privacy of citizens, and arrested five people involved in the offense. For the police to deal with, as well as the concerns of netizens, the police made the following responses -

The newest addition to the family is the newest addition to the family.

The company's products have been sold in the U.S. and Europe.

The company's website is also a good place to start.

The police: the public security organs, He so-and-so will others lost corgi for his own possession, refused to return, is an act of appropriation, the public security organs in time to inform the parties can lawfully to the people's court to file a civil lawsuit on the matter, and actively set up a communication and consultation platform for the parties concerned to promote the resolution of the incident.

Reporter: After the incident on January 11, why did the police accept the case on February 7 and 10, and why did they not punish the detainee until March 27?

Civilian Police.
On January 11, after receiving the police report, the public security organs quickly dispatched the police and carried out the investigation work such as inquiry and visit, according to the situation, the same day, promptly set up a communication and consultation platform for both parties, informing Wu of the legal way to protect their rights and interests. The two sides have accepted civil mediation in the People's Court on February 5, and the civil dispute was resolved. The company's products have been sold in the U.S. and Europe, and the company has been able to sell its products in the U.S. for more than a year.

Reporter: It is said that the police on January 14, a woman who threw paint on the residence of He Moumou made a detention punishment, can you tell us more about the case?

Civilian Police.
On January 13 at 16:00, the police received a report that "someone in the Shangcheng Dongjin District sprayed paint on the door of the owner's house, abusing others," the police station police rushed to the scene and brought six suspects back to the police station for investigation. In the event that you have a good idea of what you're looking for, you'll be able to find the best way to get the most out of the situation. According to Article 26, Item 4 of the Public Security Administration Punishment Law of the People's Republic of China, Jia Mou's behavior has constituted a provocation and provocation, our bureau on January 14, according to the law, the offender Jia Mou administrative detention for six days of punishment, the remaining five people according to the circumstances and consequences of the illegal act, a reprimand. Reporter: We see that in addition to He Moumou and Wu Moumou were dealt with in accordance with the law, there are three other people being dealt with. Can you elaborate on the situation?

Police: The facts of the offense, the basis for punishment and the outcome of the case have been clearly explained to the three people. I would like to emphasize again the warning significance of this case, which can be considered a case by case argument. The five people in the case were all dealt with by the public security authorities in accordance with the law for committing illegal acts via the Internet, which shows once again that the Internet is not a place outside the law, and that individual citizens must abide by the law in everything they say and do in cyberspace, and must not commit illegal acts. Otherwise, they will be punished by law.

** on / words / when / things / people want to take a lesson not to forward the privacy of others **!

On March 28, in the Longquanyi District Detention Center, Mr. Li, who was interviewed, kept his head down. Mr. Li is an information blogger in Chengdu, with more than 100,000 followers on his microblog. He never thought that two months ago, a short 200-word microblog would have such a big impact on his life.

Another female user, who was involved in the "human flesh" dog wrestling, repeatedly asked reporters to do something about the sound of her interview because she "didn't want more people around her to know about it.

The company's website is the largest of its kind in the world.
Covered news reporters talked to the two netizens who were administratively detained for using the Internet to spread their privacy...

Reporter: What did you do in the "dog fall incident"?

I have sent screenshots of the WeChat that the person (Wu) sent me, the residential address of He Mou and her WeChat signal to Weibo.

Reporter: Have you ever thought that this kind of forwarding might be against the law?

It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.

Reporter: How did she (Wu) find you, what did she say to you?

Li Mou: After losing the dog, its owner, Wu Mou, sent me a private message on Weibo asking me to repost it, and I didn't agree. But some time later, Mr. Wu asked me to forward it again. I published a microblogging service out of kindness, which contains private information such as He's address.

Reporter: When did you find out that your actions violated the law and how do you view your actions? Mr. Li: It wasn't until the police found me that I realized I had done a bad thing with good intentions. I hope that people will not be like me in the future, freely forwarding other people's private information.

On the other hand, the female netizen also expressed remorse for her actions, "Through the education of the police, I realized the mistakes I made, and I will definitely abide by the law and not cross the legal bottom line." (Reporter Li Fengchun He Fandi Yu Ting Tian Road)

 
        