---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 86205aefb53cfd897ec39cf22f68e61cf99acc41
summary:
- It is understood that the Changji City People's Procuratorate has issued public
  interest litigation pre-litigation procuratorial recommendations to the city's Natural
  Resources Bureau, suggesting that relevant functional departments in the city to
  carry out special wildlife protection law enforcement checks to prevent such illegal
  hunting of wild animals from happening again.
tags:
- protecting
- protected
- protection
title: ' Changji City Prosecution: shocking! Protecting wildlife, public interest
  litigation prosecution in action! '
---

 # Changji City Prosecutor: shocking! Protecting Wildlife, Public Interest Litigation Prosecution in Action!

2020-11-27 11:59 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Politics

Recently, the Changji City People's Procuratorate discovered in the course of its duties that some fish ponds were hanging bird nets on the surface of the water, causing wild birds to be trapped and die. So the joint municipal public security bureau, the natural resources bureau of relevant personnel to form an investigation team, and invited Xinjiang Zhen Guan Da Agricultural Science and Technology Co.

In more than twenty adjacent fish ponds investigation found that more than ten fish ponds are hanging above the water surface of illegal hunting wild birds hunting nets. The area of more than ten acres of fish ponds, less than set 1 net, more than set 2 ∽ 3 nets.

The transparent, thin and tough nets are difficult to detect by birds in flight, and once they hit the net, there is almost no chance of escape.

Trapped wild birds hang on the net for long periods of time, and most of them have dried up. The investigation team used a sharp instrument to wrap around the bird's body to cut the net one by one, to remove the bird.

After more than four hours of field investigation, more than twenty trapping nets seized a total of 28 different species of birds have died.

The experts initially determined that, among the 28 dead birds, seven were state second-class protected animals, including one black-eared kite and six long-eared owls; 18 were protected animals, including gray-backed gulls, three-fingered sandpipers, and cormorants; two other dead birds were unidentifiable due to severe limb loss.

The investigation team immediately ordered the person in charge of the fish farm to dismantle all the illegally erected hunting nets on the spot.

Gao Moumou, the owner of the fish farm, was brought back for investigation by the public security authorities for the suspected crime of illegal hunting of state endangered and valuable wild animals. At present, the public security organs have established the case as a criminal case for further investigation.

It is understood that the Changji City People's Procuratorate has issued public interest litigation pre-litigation procuratorial recommendations to the city's Natural Resources Bureau, suggesting that relevant functional departments in the city to carry out special wildlife protection law enforcement checks to prevent such illegal hunting of wild animals from happening again.

The hospital said, will increase the remote rural areas of villagers wildlife protection related laws and regulations, to enhance the villagers consciously protect wildlife legal awareness.

Source: TPD (Changji Prefecture Procuratorate) Changji City People's Procuratorate

Xinjiang Procuratorial Government Media Center

✬ If you like this article, feel free to share it with your friends ✬

Commenting is now enabled, but requires attention ☺

People who liked this content also liked

Original title: "Changji City Prosecution: shocking! Protecting Wildlife, Public Interest Litigation Prosecution in Action!

Read the original article

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Comment ()

 
        