---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 867f263eb45348969e0e5178359c9428
summary:
- 'For those of you who don''t know what Versailles literature is, please take a look
  at the following science diagram, which can be skipped if you are a Versailles student:
  ......'
- so let's all cheer up!
- Finally, let's take a look at MaoMo Benmao's rice bowl set ......
tags:
- versailles
- isn
- literature
title: ' What Versailles literature? Isn''t it just the daily life of a meow! '
---

 I'm not sure what to make of the Versailles literature, but I'm not sure what to make of it if it's available to meowers.

For those of you who don't know what Versailles literature is, please take a look at the following science diagram, which can be skipped if you are a Versailles student: ......

I can't say that cat nests are an IQ tax, but cardboard boxes do get more meowing than anything else.

To meows, you're sitting in front of a computer with nothing to do, and that's why they'll jump up to get your attention. If you're forced to pay attention to them at this point, you'll reinforce the connection and succeed in attracting even more harassment.

As long as the master is doing well and we have something to do, there's nothing wrong with that.

This episode is purely a brain dump, so don't take it too seriously, but if you do, I'd like to offer the knees of the children.

Do you still like the style of today's painting? Of course we don't know what the kittens are thinking, but I think every cat slave is struggling to move the bricks for the kittens to have a good life to boast about ...... so let's all cheer up!

Finally, let's take a look at MaoMo Benmao's rice bowl set ......

**With hairy discussion**

Mao Mao knows there are a lot of Versailles heroes among his buddies.

(Anti-Versailles also works)

So I'll leave the comments section to you!

I knew you were all better than the Li kids!

Illustration/Child Li

All images are original by UMAO Hairy

Please call the hairy man in the background for retransmission.

 
        