---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 871d4f6c0438c3bf24adedaa41d52a6e7d1ec4b8
summary:
- Most owners will just grab the cat by the armpit and hold it up.
- But in fact, such a way of holding the cat may cause pressure on it and may squeeze
  it, making it feel uncomfortable.
tags:
- cat
- cats
- owners
title: ' If you even hold the cat in the wrong position, it''s no wonder the cat likes
  you! '
---

 Some owners complain that their cats are not allowed to be kissed or hugged, as if they have a white wolf. Have you ever thought that if you even hold your cat in the wrong position, the cat will feel uncomfortable and like you? Today we're going to take a look at the common ways to hold a cat wrong!

Common Errors in Cat Holding

1. Carry-On

Some cats are heavier than others, and it is still a bit hard to hold them with one hand, so some owners will choose to carry them on their shoulders, which is very effortless.

But this position will be the cat's full body weight to the stomach, not only will squeeze the stomach, may cause gastrointestinal discomfort, but also damage to the cat's joints, and fear of heights of the cat will also struggle because of fear, and may scratch the master.

2, "cut off" style

Other owners pick up their cats directly from the middle of the cat's belly, and the cat becomes like a liquid, which feels like fun.

But in fact, this will also squeeze the cat's stomach and joints, so try to avoid holding the cat in this way.

3. Carrying by the neck

The mother cat will bite the back of the kitten's neck and pick up the cat in her mouth. When the cat is a kitten, if the owner lifts the back of its neck, it will be more obedient and will not move.

But this move for adult cats but no longer work, carry neck will let the bad tempered cat to you "fist and kick", but also cause the cat shortness of breath, suffocation, and even neck bleeding under the skin, injured.

4, "pinch armpit" type

Most owners will just grab the cat by the armpit and hold it up.

Although this method is convenient, stretching the cat's front legs in this way makes it easy to twist and hurt itself, and the insecure position allows the cat to constantly struggle and hurt its owner.

5、Hug it tightly.

Some owners love their cats so much that the first thing they do when they get home every day is to kiss and hug their cats, holding them tightly and kissing them again.

But in fact, such a way of holding the cat may cause pressure on it and may squeeze it, making it feel uncomfortable. So when you hold the cat, the strength should be moderate, can not make the cat feel uncomfortable.

6, "hugging children" type

Cats are like their owners' little treasures, and the most common way for owners to hold their cats is to hold them as if they were children.

However, this position will make the cat stand on its back, exposing its belly and making it feel very insecure, and the weight of its whole body will be pressed on its spine, creating more pressure, which may affect the cat's health in the long run.

The correct way to hold a cat

1, the owner does not need to hold the cat too tightly, relax a little, so that the cat has room to escape, will reduce its pressure.

2. The owner can sit or use one hand to hold the cat's buttocks, keeping the stomach facing down will make it more comfortable.

3, the cat is impatient, to run away when you have to let go and let it go, and give it delicious snacks reward, the cat will feel that you hug is a good thing, naturally will love your hug.

Some owners will choose to feed their cats with greasy food and overfeed them. If a cat is too fat, it is easy to cause various problems and shorten its life span.

Owners should choose a light and nutritious cat food to feed their cats. The protein content of 38-40% is just enough to meet the nutritional needs of cats without causing obesity problems! Keep your cat healthy and thriving!

Other: If you want your cat to be healthy, you need to get your cat to exercise!

Conclusion: Which position would you use to hold your cat?

 
        