---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 8e324cbfffa68fd75a241e9da32bdebb708458b7
summary:
- In fact many times hyenas will show fear and run away from any animal that is larger
  or close to their own size, exhibiting extremely aggressive, intimidating, or threatening
  behavior.
- For example, hyenas will sometimes prey on baboons, but a large male baboon can
  be just enough to instill fear in a hyena and make it run away from the confrontation.
tags:
- hyenas
- hyena
- predators
title: ' Why do hyenas often overstep their bounds? What animal is it afraid to mess
  with? '
---

 Probably one of the most feared and apex predators in sub-Saharan Africa, hyenas possess great strength, jaws capable of crushing bones, a bite second only to saltwater crocodiles and great white sharks, and incredible stamina, intelligence, and absolute strength. In fact, packs of hyenas are so strong that they often challenge lions and leopards, sometimes driving them out of their territory.

Hyenas are mostly scavengers, opportunists, and parasitic predators, meaning they steal food from the prey of other predators. This is a rather clever strategy, since hunting is, after all, dangerous, but getting prey from carcasses is safe. In some areas, however, spotted dogs often take pups of other species, or sick, injured, or even sleeping animals, and are, at best, opportunists and, at worst, kill you while you're sick. Spotted dogs are true opportunists, also because they will also kill and eat birds, reptiles, and even insects.

Hyenas that are smart enough do fear certain other animals to the point that hyenas avoid or run away from confrontations with them. Remember, an iguana needs to be in good shape to hunt, defend itself, or escape any deadly threat in order to survive, so it can't afford injuries that could cripple it. Common sense tells the iguana that it is much wiser to run away than to fight an enemy that has a clear advantage over it, and that is when their fear begins to set in.

In fact many times hyenas will show fear and run away from any animal that is larger or close to their own size, exhibiting extremely aggressive, intimidating, or threatening behavior. Even an animal that tries to make itself appear larger or more frightening than the hyena is enough to truly frighten the hyena. For example, hyenas will sometimes prey on baboons, but a large male baboon can be just enough to instill fear in a hyena and make it run away from the confrontation.

**So what animals are they most afraid of? ***

Hyenas are known to be very afraid of lions, especially male lions. This is not surprising since lions are much larger and stronger carnivores and are responsible for the death of hyenas in many parts of sub-Saharan Africa. Hyenas are also very afraid of the Nile crocodile, as most land animals are, because it is well known that Nile crocodiles occasionally catch, kill, and eat hyenas swimming in the water, and hyenas are at a great disadvantage against crocodiles in the water, so they seem to know this.

In fact, iguanas have an uncanny fear of everything out there, and as mentioned earlier, they are opportunists, so they fear many healthy species in the ecosystem. Iguanas are a very intelligent species and can think outside the box, allowing them to exploit and even create opportunities where none seem to exist. This intelligence gives them a unique ability to assess the risk-reward ratio and make the most of dangerous situations, and if the risk is too great, they usually choose to retreat rather than get hurt. Hyenas seem to be more like cowards on the plains than more daring predators such as African wild dogs or lions. If they see no chance of success, they will most likely choose to retreat, at least temporarily. So once most predators gather in large numbers, like porcupines, badgers, and even storks, almost any animal can make an iguana retreat.

Large and aggressive herbivores also pose a very serious threat to hyenas; a giraffe or zebra's foot can fracture or kill a hyena's jaw, while a buffalo or elephant can easily trample a hyena. Many brave herbivores go on a rampage attacking hyenas to keep them away from their pups. Even smaller herbivores, like the antelope below, will sometimes gather the courage to let a despicable hyena run. Young hyena pups, in particular, are afraid of almost all predators, including raptors. Insects are also a serious threat, as ants, ticks, and fleas can infest iguana dens and potentially kill the pups if the parents are not diligent about cleaning or moving them regularly.

Iguanas fill an interesting and necessary ecological niche, but in doing so, create many enemies. They, like most species in a wild ecosystem, have much to fear, but they also have much to survive.

As I've said before, when hyenas are in packs, they can round up lions, defeat them, chase them away, and even kill them in some cases. But sometimes hyenas, despite their numbers, will make a quick and hasty retreat when attacked by a male lion, whose mane and total aggression can frighten them.

The cheetah's lack of brute strength makes it impossible for them to defend themselves against the larger hyenas, a fact that forces the leopard to lose. Sometimes, however, individual cheetahs, especially protective female cheetahs, will surround the hyena with an unusual defensive behavior - this behavior includes stomping on the ground, lowering the head, moving toward the aggressor in a stalking fashion, raising the fur on the cheetah's back to look larger and more aggressive, snarling and hissing at the aggressor, and glaring with hazel eyes! them. As a result, some hyenas get scared and are forced to retreat.

When venturing near rivers, hyenas must beware of the Nile crocodile, the largest and most dangerous reptile in Africa. These crocodiles are opportunistic predators that will happily eat anything that dares to enter their waters, including other predators like hyenas. The African rock python is the longest snake on the African continent, and it doesn't mind hunting other predators, including adult or juvenile hyenas. In addition to these, there are elephants, giraffes, buffaloes, rhinos, hippos, etc. that may easily kill hyenas.

 
        