---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 8ebef841d334ab92eeade9ec0039d23f
summary:
- On November 26th, actress Yueh-Hsi Gai updated a status on top of her social media
  platform, and the video shows Yuehsi Gai in home clothes, with the words "I am also
  a person who has dog food to sprinkle.
tags:
- time
- long
- close
title: ' The first time I''ve been in a relationship with a woman, I''ve been in one. '
---

 2020-11-26 23:14:01 Source: Culture Traveler says

Report

On November 26th, actress Yueh-Hsi Gai updated a status on top of her social media platform, and the video shows Yuehsi Gai in home clothes, with the words "I am also a person who has dog food to sprinkle. It's pretty sweet.

  

  

  

On November 25, a suspected love affair between Yueh-Hsien Gai and Lin update has caught everyone's attention. The reason for the incident is because someone filmed Lin and Yue Hsi in a private party, and there is a close relationship between them. Whether it is Lin update taking the initiative to gather Yue Xi's hair, or Yue Xi's action of leaning towards Lin update quite skillfully, it makes people think that the relationship between the two of them is no small matter.  

  

  

  

  

In the past few years, there have been a lot of people who have been in the market for a long time, and they have been very happy with the results. It's hard not to associate it with Lin Ying, because everyone knows that Lin Ying has an alias called "Lin Dog" in showbiz. Many netizens, after seeing this development of Yueh-Hsi Gai, also commented: "Isn't this Lin Gou, you are hinting very obviously.  

  

  

In fact, at his age, it's normal to want to fall in love. In addition, since his debut, Lin update has never set up any single person, and the scandal with Wang Li Kun has become a topic of discussion. The general existence of the actor in the circle of actors and actresses, the attitude towards him is also quite tolerant.  

  

In addition to the fact that there is a lot of people in the world who are interested in this kind of products and services, there are also a lot of people who are interested in this kind of products and services, and there are a lot of people who are interested in this kind of products and services. I hope the two parties, if they are really sure of their relationship, would rather be straightforward and give their blessings to everyone. It is hoped that if the two parties are really sure of their relationship, they might as well be straightforward with everyone and get people's blessings in return.  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage service.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        