---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 8f7f6ba7d55928d475c9a0bcfde7766c372387e0
summary:
- Our family has a cat named Snowcake, whose eyes sparkle blue, little gray ears,
  snow-white fur, big, soft tail, and cute little paws, and whose behavior is always
  irresistible to me.
- When I eat a cat stick, I put my two little paws on it, and then I stretch my neck
  as far as I can and chew it with my tongue.
tags:
- cat
- little
- tail
title: ' My Cat''s Journey '
---

 Lin Zi Yi

Our family has a cat named Snowcake, whose eyes sparkle blue, little gray ears, snow-white fur, big, soft tail, and cute little paws, and whose behavior is always irresistible to me. Sometimes the cat would even lie down slowly in front of the balcony door, gazing out of the window, as if recalling the fun we had playing with it.

At some point, I wanted to become a cat. The cat lives a free life every day, with food and drink, and the owner always hugs and plays with me. When the owner gets tired of playing, he feeds it some food and then goes to sleep again. Every day, I repeated every action tirelessly.

One morning, I found a box of cookies in the shape of a cat on the table. The cookies were square, yellowish, with hints of brown. Smelling them again, ah, what a fragrance! So I opened the lid and ate furiously.

Suddenly, I noticed that I was getting shorter and shorter, my former two hands had become four paws, my body hair had become thick white fur, and my ears were short and small, like two pairs of dust. I grew a long, thick, gray tail. The tail waved and waved, as if to please. When I looked in the mirror, I saw: "Oh, no! I turned into a cat!

I have become a cat and have to walk step by step with my big tail hanging down. Since I'm smaller now, my steps are much shorter than before, and walking a hundred meters, which was usually a breeze, is now a big problem. I had no choice, I was hungry, so I meowed and begged for my favorite cat stick. The little owner heard the pitiful cries of the cat, and excitedly walked toward me as a cat, shouting, "Cat!" I was blessed with the food of the cat people - cat strips. When I eat a cat stick, I put my two little paws on it, and then I stretch my neck as far as I can and chew it with my tongue. After eating the cat strip, I find a comfortable place to lie down and take a bath. When I was bathing, I gently stroked my little paws on my face, and licked my paws with my tongue. I would sleep next to my master at noon, with my cute little face resting on his arm, purring. When my little master woke up, I would meow and let him play with me. I love my little master very much.

I am very dedicated. Every time I heard the doorbell, I was the first one to rush out of my room and lie down at the door, looking up at my little master as he walked in the door. When my master closed the door and took off his shoes, I lay on the floor and rolled over and over, waiting for my little master to hug me.

When it was time for me to go to bed at night, my owner put me in the living room and said, "Good night, my cat!"

As I was lying on the floor, wagging my tail and reminiscing about all the fun we had during the day, a familiar voice woke me up: "Ziyi, get up and brush your teeth and wash your face!"

I opened my eyes and there, standing over my bed, was my mother. I got down and got dressed and looked in the mirror and I was back! The thick white fur on its body changed back to its previous sweat and the four paws also changed back to their original shape. I knew it was hungry, so I immediately fed it a cat stick. It chewed the cat stick while eating it, and then went to lick the fur after finishing the food. At that moment, I smiled heartily.

 
        