---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 905bd9e65e90d83006b1e69d19f867fce0d2be4e
summary:
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- little
- food
- puppy
title: ' Dog mom gives birth to puppy, "sleeping posture" adorable master, can''t
  put it down! '
---

 2020-11-28 07:08:48 Source: Zhong Xin Chat Entertainment

Report

We are all irresistible to furry animals, they are very comfortable to touch, and they often give out some interaction to make their own defenseless, especially for girls, see these cute little guys are even more like, see the cute little life even lost soul, can't wait to hide the cute little ones into their own arms.

  
  

I've been very fond of dogs since I was a child, and they grew up with me, and they would always stick to me no matter what, and they would accompany me wherever I went.

  
  

The three puppies are very cute, these three little milk puppies eat very well every day, and their mommy is also very full of milk, I basically prepare some carnivorous food for the mommy in order to make sure she has enough milk, of course the dog food heel should also be prepared, and also prepare some calcium tablets, so that the little milk puppies can absorb more nutrients!

  
  

  
  

I am very lucky to have a new member in my family, and I will love you guys twice as much. I will love you more and more in the future. I will be with you for the rest of my life, healthy and happy forever!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        