---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 91fee926568ab432c53ed3b49c5466b3
summary:
- However, the Haval Dog is the only model under 300,000 equipped with two differential
  locks, one lock is the Haldex four-wheel drive system central electric differential
  lock, and the other lock is the "soul of high-performance off-road vehicles" - the
  rear axle electronically controlled mechanical tooth embedded differential lock.
tags:
- road
- gift
- gifts
title: ' The Past and Present of the Transparent Chassis '
---

 What if I see ants on the road? Do you hide or press? This is not a test of humanity, but a test of "eyesight". How refreshing. Who can see ants in a car? That requires a X-ray eye plus a high magnifying glass! Well, there is indeed such a device, it is called transparent chassis, this technology was first applied by the Land Rover, but now is played by the Harvard big dog to play out the flower, today will pick up the history of this thing.

**Began with Land Rover and flourished with Harvard Dawg**.

Transparent chassis, this technology, in layman's terms, is through the high-definition camera to the bottom of the car screen projected in the car, although the driver sits in the car, but because of the grasp of the full situation under the car, as if to have a perspective eye. The first to adopt this technology is to start off-road SUV Land Rover, it was born with the intention of off-road as little as possible to "scrape the chassis", for the sake of safe driving and to avoid risky situations.

2014
When Land Rover released this technology in 2014, it only made the hood part "transparent", hence the name "transparent hood". Today, this technology has been applied to the HAVER DOG from the hood to the entire underbody, if the 2014 Land Rover has a basic version of the see-through eyes, the 2020 HAVER DOG is equipped with the invincible see-through eyes that can avoid ants while climbing mountains.

In off-road scenarios, you can adjust the transparency of the Haval Dog transparent chassis to 100%, as the vehicle, the model gradually transparent, panoramic camera shooting vehicle trajectory and the surrounding area, the car screen dynamic display of the road under the vehicle image, the driver can clearly perceive the position of the tires, they will be able to grasp the full range of road conditions, to determine whether debris, tree stumps will scrape the chassis, run! It's a very useful function when you're on the "rough road", and it's the kind of upgrade function that "once you've experienced it, it's hard to let go of the old one".

In urban road conditions, the transparent chassis of the HUG can also play a big role. For example, when ready to stop, start the transparent chassis function, the road stone can not rub the wheel hub, the steps will not rub the chassis, everything is in sight. At the same time when the vehicle is running, it is inevitable that you will encounter potholes or obstacles on the road due to aging of the road surface, and the transparent chassis will promptly remind the driver of the current road conditions, so that the driver can slow down in time to pass or bypass these complex road surface, to avoid damage to the vehicle.

**2.0T** **Four-wheel drive version **The power of the mighty to travel the "wild road "**

In fact, in the final analysis, the Haver big dog transparent chassis or more use in off-road scenarios, can be 360 degrees for the driver of the road 'literacy'. But to really be able to use off-road road walking freely on the off-road conditions, it is also necessary to have the corresponding off-road configuration. Apparently, the just pre-sold Haver big dog 2.0T 4WD version of the product, equipped with a strong 2.0TGDI engine, 2 differential locks, V3 intelligent platform, intelligent four-wheel drive system, 6 kinds of all-terrain driving mode, with a number of hard-core configuration plus is equipped with this ability!

The 2.0TGDI gasoline engine of Haval Dagoo is the first domestic independent brand to mass-produce Miller cycle, and its thermal efficiency can reach 38.2%. The 2.0TGDI engine also features low emissions, low fuel consumption, and high quietness.

Differential locks, friends who know off-road know that it is a godsend when walking in off-road conditions, generally only luxury models will be equipped with. However, the Haval Dog is the only model under 300,000 equipped with two differential locks, one lock is the Haldex four-wheel drive system central electric differential lock, and the other lock is the "soul of high-performance off-road vehicles" - the rear axle electronically controlled mechanical tooth embedded differential lock. The two locks complement each other to help achieve 100% torque transfer between the wheels, allowing the vehicle to take off in complex road conditions.  
Sleepiness becomes a breeze.

At the same time, BorgWarner's fifth generation Haldex four-wheel-drive system, which comes from the same platform technology of more than 300,000 joint ventures, can achieve transient interactive response between systems within 110 milliseconds, and has a 1200Nm four-wheel-drive load distribution and transfer capability, making the front and rear axle torque ratio up to 50:50, significantly enhancing the vehicle's ability to overcome obstacles and instantly enhancing the vehicle's traction and power performance. In addition, the Haval Dagger is equipped with six all-terrain driving modes: economy, sport, snow, mud and sand.

In addition, the Haval Dagoo is equipped with six all-terrain driving modes: economy, sport, snow, mud, and sand. The vehicle control system can switch the engine, transmission, and four-wheel drive control logic according to different driving modes to automatically adapt to different surfaces, and the strongest beast in its class can easily cope with all the obstacles ahead.

In addition to the powerful, "smart" is also an important feature of this highly intelligent creature, the Haval Dagoo 2.0T product is equipped with the V3 intelligent platform, with full voice control, customizable personalized central control system, L2 automatic driving. And it is also a fuel model within 300,000 yuan that has the ability of full-range software evolution (OTA), which can realize autonomous evolution, and its software can be iteratively upgraded through OTA.

In recent years, domestic cars have invested in advanced technology regardless of cost, which has also given them the bottom line to crush joint ventures and even surpass imports. The Haval Dagoo 2.0T 4WD product, with its transparent chassis and a series of off-road configurations, comprehensively demonstrates its capabilities with comprehensive, practical and user-friendly functions, and also gives owners the strength and capital to show off their skills.

At present, the Haval 2.0T 4WD version of the "Chinese Garden Dog" has begun pre-sale, a limited offering of 1699 units, the price of 161,900 yuan, and a decompression financial gift, sincere replacement gift, super purchase gift, love the maintenance gift, unlimited flow gift, lifetime warranty gift, exclusive gift of the trendy brand 7 major gifts to give, from now on you! The "prospective dog breeder" will be able to walk their dog through Haver's Zhijia and five flagship stores on Tmall, Jingdong, Suning, Automobile Home and Easy Car.

Disclaimer and reminder: The content of this article is reprinted in this website for corporate propaganda information, the information is only for the purpose of publicity and the transmission of more information, does not represent the views of this site, the authenticity of the article please viewers carefully verify!

Source:Netease Auto Local Station Editor:Wang Xiaoyi_NE0011

 
        