---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 920cc06ba5d08b651b6cf3c4f917b6cc0390a33f
summary:
- According to the state of affairs at the time, foreign devils have been invading
  China for decades, but also did not see Cixi Xi, an old lady to come forward and
  say something, since the failure of the Opium War, after the German occupation of
  Jiaozhou Bay, Japan created the Lushun tragedy, the death and injury of hundreds
  of thousands of civilians, but also did not see Cixi Xi so much reaction, dare to
  treat the attitude of the foreigners is, occupy my land as I did not see, bullying
  my people I can also!
tags:
- cixi
- like
- foreigners
title: ' Cixi warned the Eight Allied Forces: I don''t care if I occupy the land,
  I can''t see the killings, but I won''t do it! '
---

 Directed by.

I once read an interesting article about what would happen if Empress Lu, Wu Zetian, and Cixi fought each other in court. The general opinion is that Empress Lu = Wu Zetian &gt; Ci Xi, these three people are not in a dynasty can not be compared, but from these three people's diplomacy and internal affairs, let alone Lu and Wu Zetian's fighting power that is stronger, just put Ci Xi in the end, I believe there will not be many people will raise objections.

The reason for this is that although Cixi was a good fighter in the civil war, her diplomacy was really rotten, and she could even be described as dumb.

In 1900, Guangxu's Reform Movement failed and he was imprisoned by Cixi in Yingtai, and the attitude of the Western powers was to have Cixi release Guangxu and hand over power as soon as possible. But the Empress Dowager reacted like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, and she exploded.

So she gave a deafening order: attack the foreigners' embassy for me!

According to the state of affairs at the time, foreign devils have been invading China for decades, but also did not see Cixi Xi, an old lady to come forward and say something, since the failure of the Opium War, after the German occupation of Jiaozhou Bay, Japan created the Lushun tragedy, the death and injury of hundreds of thousands of civilians, but also did not see Cixi Xi so much reaction, dare to treat the attitude of the foreigners is, occupy my land as I did not see, bullying my people I can also! I don't care, I'll accept the blackmail money, but if you dare to make me hand over my power and prevent me from living a comfortable life, then don't blame me for being rude!

This is great, just what the foreigners wanted. Just as Cixi ordered hundreds of thousands of Boxer Rebels and hundreds of thousands of Qing troops to treat the siege of a few hundred foreign embassies like a siege of a city, which had not been defeated for months, the Eight-Nation Alliance sent troops to Beijing in the name of protecting the embassies. When the Allied artillery was finally placed on the walls of Beijing, Cixi, who had previously been a formidable fighter, was suddenly overwhelmed.

When she heard that Li Bingheng, the defender of Tongzhou, had been defeated and killed in battle, she went so far as to wail in the courtroom, disregarding her former dignity, "What are we going to do as orphans and widows? But at this time, no one could say anything, so we just stared at each other. On August 14, the day before the fall of the city, Cixi summoned the university scholar and six ministries and nine ministers, but everyone had already run away, and no one even came to answer the call.

Seeing the stray bullets falling like rain amidst the rumbling of the cannons outside, Cixi said to Jailan, "I have no choice but to leave. Zailan, knowing that he had no soldiers, dared not accept the offer. The next day, before dawn, Cixi received great bad news: the Eight Powers had breached the Donghua Gate! The news was like a thunderbolt in Cixi's ears, and she was so disheartened that she wanted to commit suicide by jumping into the water.

At this time, Cixi, who could not be bothered with her former dignity, hurriedly put on a peasant woman's dress, without combing her hair or wearing a hairpin, and dressed like a small-footed old woman in the countryside. However, just before her escape, she did not forget to get rid of Concubine Zhen, who was unfavorable to her, and summoned her to the Summer Palace, where she had her eunuch push her into a well and drowned her. After this, Cixi and Guangxu fled westward in a hurry, with the beautiful name of "Westward Tour", which was so humiliating that she didn't forget to stick gold on it!

On the other hand, after the Eight-Power Allied Forces entered Beijing, they massacred unarmed people in the name of besieging and killing the Boxer Rebellion. According to the record, "On the day the city fell, the foreigners killed countless people; but we heard the sound of guns and guns battering, women and children crying for help, and corpses in the streets. The British recorded: "Beijing became a real cemetery, full of dead people with no one to bury them, leaving them to be eaten by wild dogs.

According to the records, "The Allied Forces tried to drive all the women they captured, regardless of their age, to the "paper or picture hutong", where they would live in houses as official prostitutes. The west end of the hutong should be blocked by all means to prevent the women from escaping. However, the east end should be left as the way in and out, and people should be allowed to supervise and let the allied troops and others to enter and play and stay there as they please." The wife of the Grand Maester Umaren was already ninety years old, and was humiliated by the invading army and died. Even the wife and daughters of Chongqi, the wife of Empress Dowager Tongzhi's father, who was also a member of Cixi's family, were not spared, as they were detained by the foreign devils and taken to the Temple of Heaven, where they were gang-raped by dozens of Allied Forces of the Eight Powers. Chongqi committed suicide by poison.

It can be said that Cixi's selfishness was the cause of the humiliating history of the invasion of Beijing by the Eight-Power Allied Forces. Therefore, Cixi enjoyed the civil war well, but when it came to diplomacy, I am afraid that she would have only said: "The amount of China's material resources, to make with the country's joy" such spineless words. Dear viewers, what do you think of Cixi's person? Feel free to speak your mind in the comment section below!

 
        