---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 9233c979d66f8f302fa223660bbc96c1d1161f62
summary:
- If you want a dog that is less prone to disease, consider the Beagle.
- Most people who have owned a Beagle will have one thing in common with them:** This
  dog is too barking and too active!
- 'In addition to being extremely lively, this dog has another characteristic that
  Petsky would like to remind you of: ** Beagles are extremely barkable!'
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- ears
title: ' What is it like to own a Beagle? Beagle Personality Traits '
---

 2020-11-19 09:44:11 Source: Mother &amp; Baby Pie

Report

There are quite a few pet owners in China who have Beagles, and Petsky has met some Beagles and their owners in animal hospitals.
** Too lively! Too lively! Too lively! (Important point, say it three times.) **

In an animal hospital, you can come across all kinds of dogs, and almost all of them have their own unique characteristics that will make an impression on you in one way or another.

  
  

The Beagle in this photo is a dog owned by a girl named "BUCHI".

This is a picture of the dog at 45 days old, isn't it very cute?

**The Beagle's cute appearance is one of the Beagle's characteristics, in addition, this dog's personality is very good and suitable as a family companion pet. **

Beagles are also often used as test animals because of their docile nature and other reasons. There have been many news reports about Beagles in foreign countries, and a large number of Beagles have been used as experimental dogs, causing many animal rights activists to condemn them.

  
  

In fact, in addition to their docile nature, many people like to use them as test animals because they are more resistant to disease than other dogs. If you want a dog that is less prone to disease, consider the Beagle.

Most people who have owned a Beagle will have one thing in common with them:** This dog is too barking and too active! ***

When you're not too fond of active dogs, it's best not to choose this dog.

  
  

Their big ears are probably the reason why many people like them, and there doesn't seem to be a more attractive dog than their ears, except for the Pajido.

Because of their large ears, when you have this kind of dog, you need to make sure that their ears are cleaned to avoid ear diseases.

  
  

Because of the greater energy, you need to buy them toys so that their energy can be released.

  
  

This dog is very friendly to children, and it does not resist being touched by children on the road.

Unlike other dogs, they may have some aggressive behavior.

  
  

Beagles are beagles, and it is in their nature to chase, so they can run fast.

If you have this type of dog, you can always take them out for a little run around.

Beagles are low on the list of dog intelligence, but, they are also very trainable.

With patience and training, in three months they will be able to recall, sit, lie down, shake hands, play dead, roll over, bark on command, and wait for commands.

  
  

In addition to being extremely lively, this dog has another characteristic that Petsky would like to remind you of: ** Beagles are extremely barkable! And the screaming is also very loud. **

When I worked at an animal hospital, I was hospitalized at night, I slept on the second floor, and a client's Beagle was boarded on the first floor, and I couldn't sleep at all during the night. That Beagle really made a big impression on me.

So, here's what I want to say: if you're in a city neighborhood and don't want to disturb your neighbors, it's best not to get this kind of dog.

** Overall:**.

Beagles are not for novice dog owners with no experience and require patience and love if they are to be good. I also often see many times people saying that their Beagle is too disobedient and they want to give it away and sell it. Pet Sky just wants to say.
**There are no stupid dogs, only stupid owners**.

If you can't be sure you can keep a good Beagle, don't choose them in the first place.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        