---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 927d9c9071697b3e0bdb3277fb2f4a0383a0d00e
summary:
- Now retired, he was awarded the PDSA Deakin Medal in recognition of his dedication
  to duty.
- Wallace said, "I am delighted that Kuno received the PDSA Dickin Medal and I am
  very proud of the role our military working dogs play in operations at home and
  abroad." Kuno's story reminds us of the efforts these animals make to keep everyone
  safe.
tags:
- kuno
- pdsa
- dogs
title: ' Heroic Military Dogs Save Special Forces in Distress, Awarded Top Animal
  Honors '
---

 Kuno, a Belgian Shepherd from the British Special Forces, was able to save a number of British Special Forces soldiers when his unit was caught in a grenade attack and machine gun fire, according to a Nov. 24 article in the British newspaper Metro.

Unfortunately, Kuno was shot in both of his hind legs, and had to have one of his paws removed and be fitted with a custom-made prosthetic leg. Now retired, he was awarded the PDSA Deakin Medal in recognition of his dedication to duty.

PDSA staff member Jan McLoughlin said, "Kuno is a true hero...,
His heroic actions that day saved many lives. Despite the severity of his injuries, he remained steadfast in his duty. For his bravery and dedication, we are pleased to have him as the newest recipient of the PDSA Deakin Medal." Secretary of Defense Ben
Wallace said, "I am delighted that Kuno received the PDSA Dickin Medal and I am very proud of the role our military working dogs play in operations at home and abroad." Kuno's story reminds us of the efforts these animals make to keep everyone safe.

It was announced that the PDSA Deakin Medal was awarded by the charity's founder Maria
Dickin was awarded in 1943. She believed that if animals were recognized for their bravery, it would help raise their social status and ensure that they were treated better. (Compiled and reported by China Youth Network)

Source: China Youth Net

 
        