---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 937231f4ac98530a8fd0f2a1363e66d3
summary:
- "In the \u25B2video, the golden retriever and husky are always looking at each other\
  \ and seem to be waiting for something?"
- Both dogs perfectly avoided the snack and came up with something more exciting than
  a tongue kiss ...
- I never thought a golden retriever would be able to take a husky's entire mouth,
  oh my!
tags:
- retriever
- snacks
- snack
title: ' Huskies and golden retrievers grab snacks, but the ending is hilarious! Netizens:
  together! Together! '
---

 How can the exaggerated romance of an idol drama take place in the real world?

If the heroine accidentally falls down and jumps into the hero's arms, the chances of the two of them kissing after they fall to the ground are...0.000001%! It's about 0.000001%. For those of you who have this kind of fantasy, just wait!

▲ However, such a ridiculous scenario happened to two pooch dogs!

I'm so embarrassed that I'm blushing and embarrassed that I'm watching it all over again! It's a great way to get the most out of your work.

In the ▲video, the golden retriever and husky are always looking at each other and seem to be waiting for something? Whoever has the quickest eyes, quickest hands and quickest reactions will get a bite of the delicious snack.

The competition was about to begin... The first time I saw this, I thought it would be a good idea to take a look at this....

The first thing I noticed was that the dog's face was so big that it was not even close to the target....

I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I think I'm going to be able to do it....

The result is that the light froze! Both dogs perfectly avoided the snack and came up with something more exciting than a tongue kiss ...

The 0.000001% chance of something finally happening! I never thought a golden retriever would be able to take a husky's entire mouth, oh my! Shame!

In the end, only two mouths were seen sweet and sweet, and the mouths just stuck together (shy)!

But at the same time, it also made many netizens clap their hands: isn't this an indirect KISS? Be together, be together, say it out loud if you like it!

 **remember to follow me at the end ~ to give you a good look, daily updates do not get lost! ***

Special Note: The above content (including images and videos, if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", and this platform only provides information storage services.

 
        