---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 93c6466c4c2fd40b65209ea679dc431b
summary:
- In the game, it is much easier to get cats and dogs than cows, and every collection
  point in the game has pet cats and dogs, then you still need the help of feeding
  pills to get cats and dogs, just let feeding pills go to each collection place to
  explore.
tags:
- animal
- animals
- collection
title: ' How to get a cat or a doggy animal? '
---

 Inarihime Tenho no Saki game pets is every little friend will want to get, play the game little friend should know Kai maru this character, he really likes to go out and doubt to make friends, get all kinds of small animals, including cats and ducks as well as puppies and so on, so how do you get these small animals? Let's take a look at it below!

Inarihime Tenho no Saki game pets is every little friend will want to get, play the game little friend should know Kai maru this character, he really likes to go out and doubt to make friends, get all kinds of small animals, including cats and ducks as well as puppies and so on, so how do you get these small animals? Let's take a look at it below!

Cattle Acquisition Methods

If you want to get the cows, you have to meet three conditions, which are relatively simple, especially the first one is to build the cowshed, for many partners, building the cowshed is a relatively simple thing, then the second condition is to send the feeding pills in the game to explore the waterfront, the conditions for sending the feeding pills to the task are also relatively simple, and the last one is difficult to get the cowshed. Princess Heart in the Jintao production tool, the difficulty is also relatively low for veteran players, so the cattle in the game is still relatively easy to obtain the method.

How to get cows and dogs

In the game, it is much easier to get cats and dogs than cows, and every collection point in the game has pet cats and dogs, then you still need the help of feeding pills to get cats and dogs, just let feeding pills go to each collection place to explore.

If you want to get them quickly, you just have to let Kaimaru return to the village when he reaches the collection point and then go to the next collection point to trigger the story.

If you don't trigger the scenario in the process, don't worry about returning to the dispatch location again and again.

However, it is said that the collection site, the collection site is open to the conditions of the solution map of the conditions of the task, here you still need to use your brains.

40407 Summary

In summary, you can see that no matter how to get cats and dogs or cows need the help of feeding pills, so you know the importance of feeding pills, in fact, it is not difficult to get small pets, according to the above situation, go to the game to try it!

Role-playing Action Fighting Leisure Puzzle Guns Shooting War Strategy Card Battles Music and Dance Simulation Tower Defense Sports Competitions Wall Mounted Raising

 
        