---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 93dc2762284b1a65f5cb8aea5af40503
summary:
- The cartoon uses an anthropomorphic approach to tell the story of "Prince"'s ridiculous
  moments and spoofs on his daily life, with a cute image and humorous writing style
  that makes people shout "I want more!
- The movie starring this corgi named "Prince" will also be released on September
  15, Mid-Autumn Festival.
tags:
- prince
- movies
- movie
title: ' A Dog Named Prince exposes the plot of a four-panel comic strip with a cute
  little short-legged dog named Corgi everyday to adorable hearts [UNK][UNK]Time.com '
---

 **Time.com**

Movies

A Dog Named Prince

Recently, a set of four-panel cartoons featuring Koji "The Prince" has been released. The cartoon uses an anthropomorphic approach to tell the story of "Prince"'s ridiculous moments and spoofs on his daily life, with a cute image and humorous writing style that makes people shout "I want more! "

  

Koji's "short legs" has always been a popular "nudging point" and a "notch" used as a joke. In this series of four-panel cartoons, the short legs are used to tease the main character "Prince". As the saying goes, a hero has to go through a lot of difficulties to get a beautiful woman, so even the "Prince" can't refuse the request of a beautiful woman.

  

As a typical representative of the stupid and adorable dogs, Koji must have a lot of fun in his daily life, whether he is traveling with his girlfriend or running to the abbot and shouting "convert to Buddhism", the adorable "prince" can bring it all together.
Laugh-out-loud stories. This set of four frames, the interaction and dialogue between the characters can be said to be a burden constantly, and the cute image is adorable to the heart.

  

It is reported that the movie

A Dog Named Prince

In addition to the adorable corgi "Prince" in the lead role, there are newcomers who are also strong.

Jiaqi Zhong

Chiu Sheng-yi, Taiwanese actress, Golden Image Award winner.

Bao Qijing

,.

Roland

The Chinese actor

Nawi

The movie will be a great success. With such a cute "Prince" and a group of powerful stars, I believe this movie will bring audiences a fresh, interesting and exciting new movie-going experience. The movie starring this corgi named "Prince" will also be released on September 15, Mid-Autumn Festival.

Editor: Hidden Drink

 
        