---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 940202ad64769e9412d2f0f9b91d0a7c3a2ce9be
summary:
- Unless the cat doesn't eat food or is sick, there is no need for nutritional paste!
- 'Lysine: Lysine is abundant in good cat food and does not need to be supplemented.'
- There are customized products for different breeds, age groups and functional needs,
  with many choices and a full range, so you can find cat food for your own cats here.
tags:
- cats
- cat
- food
title: ' Who says cats cause poverty? A senior shoveler teaches you the secret of
  low-cost cat ownership! '
---

 Cat ownership to poverty? Look at how much more you're paying in IQ taxes!

Teach a novice shoveler how to pay less IQ tax and keep a cat less expensive!

Who says cats cause poverty? A senior shoveler teaches you the secret of low-cost cat ownership!

In recent years, owning a cat has become the hottest lifestyle for young people nowadays. However, many novice shovelers are inexperienced and can't identify IQ tax pet food, and even some shovelers who have been pet owners for years don't know that some products are completely unnecessary to buy. This is a great way to get the most out of your money, but it's also a great way to get the most out of your money.

The following are IQ tax products that are not necessary to buy.

Nutritional ointment: the name sounds very nutritious, but in fact, it is mainly to supplement energy, vitamins and minerals, which are sufficient to meet the needs of cats eating normal cat food. Unless the cat doesn't eat food or is sick, there is no need for nutritional paste!

The cat's hair is mainly determined by genes, but can also be affected by the environment, such as in winter the cat's hair will become more, so it really has little to do with whether to eat these things or not!

Hair Balm: Acts like a laxative, too much of which can cause diarrhea in cats and affect intestinal function! Groom your cat more, grow some cat grass, no need to buy hair removal cream!

Probiotics: If your cat has a weak stomach, you can use some big brand probiotics for children, but there is no need to spend a lot of money on probiotics for cats.

The first thing you need to do is to take a closer look at the ingredients of the product and see if they have been added to the product.

Lysine: Lysine is abundant in good cat food and does not need to be supplemented. Some shovelers buy lysine for cats to treat their nasal struts, but the editor checked various domestic and international literature and found that none of the studies showed that lysine has a blocking effect on cats' nasal struts.

De-sexing prescription food: If you are worried about your cat gaining weight after being de-sexed, just control the amount of food you feed your cat, no need to eat prescription food.

Through the above analysis, most cats spend their IQ tax on health care products, which, like human health care products, are all products that rely on marketing concepts and are not very useful. In fact, as long as you choose a quality staple food for your cat, you will be able to meet your cat's daily needs, so there is no need to buy additional supplements.

Here are a few recommended brands of quality cat food that beginners can never go wrong with.

Desire Orijen

Canada's oldest pet food brand, also the earliest brand of imported cat food in China, with high popularity. The main meat content is high, the nutritional value is excellent, after years of testing by shovelers, blind selection will not go wrong. The price is on the expensive side among the dry food, suitable for the shovelers with sufficient budget. In addition, there are a lot of legumes, so some cats may have soft stools if they are not used to it.

Nutrience

Hagen Group, the world's largest multinational family enterprise in the pet industry, has a good formula, excellent nutrition ratio, and is the king of price/performance ratio in the hearts of many shovelers. It has a good quality control and a good reputation in the shovel circle, especially the freeze-dried Black Diamond series which is very hot.

Serengeti

New Zealand premium dry food brand. The top ingredients in dry food are all free range meat from New Zealand, with good flavor and high nutritional value. It has good flavor and high nutritional value. It has excellent palatability and is a good choice for picky cats. It's not easy to get soft stools, so you can start without worrying about your cat getting sick of it.

The Honest Kitchen

The first truly human grade pet food company in the U.S. with no worries about product safety. All of Honest Kitchen's products are hypoallergenic, easy to digest and absorb, and are especially friendly to cats with weak stomachs. In addition, their goat milk powder is made from pure goat milk, which is very suitable for cats. It's a niche product, the best choice for small-budget shovelers.

Royal Canin

Famous French pet food brand, a leading company in the pet food industry. There are customized products for different breeds, age groups and functional needs, with many choices and a full range, so you can find cat food for your own cats here. Pet stores can buy it, which is very convenient. The formula is relatively ordinary compared to several other imported foods, but the quality of the big brands is trustworthy.

It's a good idea to keep in mind that only when you fall into the IQ tax trap will you find it more expensive to raise cats.

 
        