---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 947bcafdbe8ef533391d96c7ce9f1ce1
summary:
- According to her will, which was made public on August 28, the largest beneficiary
  of Leona's estate was not a person, but her beloved dog, a Maltese named Trouble.
- The $12 million bequest to her own pet female dog named Trouble stunned many Americans
  at one point.
- 1:Have a pet vaccination certificate (take your dog to the vet at least one week
  in advance).
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- pet
title: ' A dog that is the sole pet of the wealthy "queen of misery". '
---

 123

There are a lot of rich people in the pet world, and there is a number one price tag.
The $375 million German Shepherd, Gunther IV, and also Toby Rimes, the dog world's celebrity poodle, are worth $12 million, one rich and the other impeccably beautiful.  

  

WEALTH

  

Unlike them, today's story is about a dog who is famous not only for his wealth, but also for his surprising way of being spoiled, for his owner who left a huge inheritance to his dog but not to his grandchildren, which is also the origin of his owner's nickname "the queen of miserliness".

  

(Arrogance, greed, miserliness, power, wealth, tax evasion and jail time - that's what people think of Henrianna Helmsley of the New York Hotel)

After her death in August 2007, the disposition of the large fortune she left behind, leaving aside the events of Leona's life, came as a shock.

According to her will, which was made public on August 28, the largest beneficiary of Leona's estate was not a person, but her beloved dog, a Maltese named Trouble.

The $12 million bequest to her own pet female dog named Trouble stunned many Americans at one point.

  

In her will, Leona designated a $12 million credit fund for Trouble, who received more than any of Leona's relatives.

Leona also left a will stating that in the event of Trouble's death, she would bury it near her. This shows the extent to which Leona doted on The Troubles.

  

But Leona was not so generous to her own family. For example, one of her brothers and two of her sons receive millions of dollars each, but his brother has to assume guardianship of the Troubles.

The two sons are required to visit their dead father's grave at least once a year, or they don't get any money. The other two grandchildren are completely excluded from the will.

  

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Expensive Care Fees&lt;&lt;**&lt;

In the last years of his life, Trouble lived a carefree life every day.

It was revealed that the hotel that took care of him spent up to $100,000 a year, including $8,000 for health care, $1,200 for food, and the remaining $90,000 for a team of bodyguards to provide 24-hour security, as well as the salaries of caretakers, veterinarians, and other staff.

When the news of Trouble's death came to light, the question of who would inherit his vast fortune immediately became the center of attention.

However, Leona's will had already stipulated that, in the event of Trouble's death, all of his assets would be donated to charity.

  

"The Troubles died last December at the age of 12, the equivalent of 84 years of human life.

**Characteristics of the type of Trouble**

**Variety**

  

The "Trouble" belongs to the Maltese, one of the oldest breeds of dogs in Europe originating from the Mediterranean region of the Middle Ages, originating from the Mediterranean island of Malta, a British dependency. and Mr. Love. The Maltese is one of the most famous as well as one of the most popular bear breeds.

&gt; **&gt; &gt;Personality&lt;&lt;**&lt;

The Maltese is an intelligent, lively, and gentle dog that will follow its owner at every step of the way, alert, but not barking.

&gt; **&gt; &gt;Breeding&lt;&lt;*

The Maltese loves to go for walks and generally doesn't get into trouble in public.

Its beautiful, long but also heavy coat requires a lot of time for regular care.

The Maltese is popular in high society.

  

Queen Elizabeth I mentioned them frequently in official documents, immortalizing this fascinating breed in the early history of art.

In 1864, Birmingham, England, hosted the first Maltese fraternity, and the breed became universally popular in all walks of life.

**Film Origins**

Dogs have always been man's faithful friends, and many movies have introduced the love of dogs, and "10 Promises for Dogs and Me" is a good one.

  

  

Xiao Guang and "Socks" met by chance.

She was only 12 years old at the time, and her father, a doctor, was busy at work and rarely came home. Xiaoguang was only living with her mother.

  

Suddenly, one day, her mother was seriously ill and hospitalized, and at this moment of uncertainty, a golden retriever came into her world, as if God knew her loneliness and helplessness and kindly sent it to keep her company. The puppy's feet had a patch of white fur, so she named it "Socks".

Before her mother died, she said to Xiao Qing, "You must keep the ten promises you made to your dog. Love it, take care of it, and stay with it until it grows old, and never leave it.

The socks seemed to have a magical power to warm up Xiao Guang's heart, which had become cold with grief, and accompanied Xiao Guang through the youthful years of his life.

  

As she grew up, she left Hokkaido for Sapporo with her father and parted with her socks. As time went by, Kohaku took the socks back, and everything seemed to be going in a brighter direction. However, with his busy career and dating boyfriends, there was no room for "socks" in his life.

The father gave up his job at the hospital for Xiao Guang, and concentrated on compensating his daughter.

Until one day, her father called to say that her socks were getting worse and worse, and she was sleeping longer and longer. ......

A dog's lifespan is only ten years, and in the blink of an eye, ten years have passed. Xiao Guang finally cried out in pain. Unfortunately, none of us can go back.

  

Due to this particular year, it's no longer a new thing for dogs to stay home and starve to death.

Most people have faith in the future, but that doesn't include another group of people - that is, the **remaining** pets in the home.

  

"Save my child!"

"Help, my dog is starving to death."

"I was quarantined, my dog is still in the house."

  

Then such a group of people stepped forward.

  

They dressed up, brought water and food, and traveled through the empty city streets, shoveling and feeding dogs and cats, and even pet pigs, rats, reptiles and fish.

With the pet owner's permission, they broadcast the entire rescue operation live. When you open the door, many rooms are already full of feces, and some pets are even dying, if you are late ......

  

When we adopt or purchase a pet, we must be highly responsible! Think of it as family!

Here's some advice on how to get a dog.

**Dog Survival Manual (dry)**

If you want to have a dog, you must take responsibility for it, and next, a few dog-related tips and considerations.

  

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Considerations&lt;&lt;&lt;*

  

(Image courtesy of Jane Books)

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Purchase Location&lt;&lt;&lt;*

It's best to just take it straight from the home when the dog's mother has her baby... it's the most reliable way to go!

  

Why: Puppies are exposed to less germs from the outside world, so they don't breed excess disease, and domestic dog owners are more careful and will eat hygienically.

** Be sure not to buy any dog from a street vendor, and be sure not to go to an unexamined, unqualified dog factory to buy a dog! ***

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Details of dog selection&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;*

  

1: The eyes are clear and the pupils are lucent. If the dog's corneas are cloudy, the white spots may be distemper or infectious hepatitis.

2:A healthy dog's nose is moist, slightly cool and clean! Carefully check your dog's nose for discharge, if it's dry, runny, and has discharge, the chances of having a disease are very high!

3:The ears of a healthy dog are clean and sensitive, check to see if they are clean and do not smell.

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Vaccines and Worming&lt;&lt;&lt;*

It usually takes 45-50 days before a dog can be vaccinated, so if you buy a dog that's about a month or two old, it's most likely not vaccinated.  

After asking, go home and observe your dog for 7-10 days to make sure he's healthy and disease free and get 3-4 shots, once every 15-21 days.

  

(Remember to walk and bathe your dog after all vaccinations have been given).

(Remember that until six months, keeping the dog alive is more important than anything else, and no amount of care can be too great.)

Dogs should be dewormed internally 2 to 3 weeks after birth, then after 50 days, and every 3 months thereafter.

The amount of deworming medicine should be decided according to the dog's weight, the specific dosage can ask the local veterinarian.

  

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Tips&lt;&lt;&lt;*

**1: Dog poop tests the quality of dog food**

Good dog food: Although it doesn't look oily, the poop is shiny, high in meat content, heavy in color, shaped, and moderately firm.

Sub-good dog food: the stool is dry, loose in texture, and light in color, which means that the amount of intake is too high, but the nutrition is not enough.

**2: Feeding regularly**

Do not accumulate food or fasting, which is not good for the dog's absorption and causes malnutrition.

The right amount of probiotics can exercise the dog's stomach absorption ability, pay attention to let the dog develop a good eating habits, form a regular reflex, secrete gastric juice, increase appetite, promote digestion and absorption, so that the dog's physical health will be very good.

It is recommended that you do your homework before buying a dog, if you buy a sick dog, then you either feel guilty about abandoning it, or spend a lot of money to save a low chance of survival.

**Dog Foster Guide (Dry Goods)**

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Foster Age&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;*

**not for dogs under 1/2 year old or young**

(young age, low resistance, low adaptive capacity)

**Old dog**

(due to aging, physical decline, poor eyesight and hearing, change of environment, difficulty in readjusting)

**Pregnant and in heat dog**

(hot-tempered and sensitive, not suitable for living in groups)

**Dogs that have not been vaccinated or during the vaccination period**.

(Crowd living can lead to cross-infection)

  

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Before fostering! &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;*

**Vaccines**

Before fostering, vaccinate the dog and deworm it to reduce the risk of cross-infection.

Inform the dog's living habits.

**Props**

Pack up the dog's kennel at home, bring the dog's favorite snacks (to prevent discomfort from a sudden food change) and toys, and bring the leash.

Tell the store owner to try to follow the dog's normal lifestyle, feed and walk the dog.  

**Agreement**

Finally, be sure to sign a foster care agreement! Agreement! Agreement!

1. Ensure the health condition of the dog to be fostered, in black and white.

2、The responsibilities and obligations of the janitor, such as regular feeding, regular walking of the dog, walking the dog to avoid getting lost, and ensuring one dog and one cage.

3, the foster process, the dog is sick or injured, detailed disease, in accordance with the contract scheduled, is caused by the janitor, the janitor shall be paid by the specific terms of the agreement!

**An extra phone number is recommended to avoid missing calls**.

**Beijing**  

  

Recommended Pet Harbor (Galaxy SOHO)

The reason is that I saw this question and answer.

I found a stray cat. Can I take it to the bath?

Customer

Get vaccinated first, wait seven days for no problems, then bathe, considering the unknown risk of spreading the disease to other pets, which is also best for your pet.

Store Owner

(The owner does not refuse everyone who comes to the store, and takes into account the interests of the customers' pets as well as the interests of other customers; a conscientious business)

  

Thai Temple Pets (World Trade Center)

Public Reviews: 4.90 Ratings Support Home Delivery

**Shanghai**  

  

Moi Pet Moeichi Pet Hotel (Changshou Road Store)

POPULAR REVIEW: 4.89 ratings Good environment, high repeat rate

  

Shiba Meow Shuangquan - Japanese Douchai &amp; Cat Cafe - Pet Life House

Public Reviews:4.93 Rating Jing'an District Hot No.1

**Guangzhou**  

  

touchdog Pet Club (along Industrial Boulevard)

Public Review: Super High 4.98 Rating #1 in Guangzhou

  

Fostering House

Public Reviews: 4.88 Ratings 9 Years Foster Care Supervisor

**Shenzhen**  

  

Cosmo Pet Planet (Longhua Store)

Public Comments：4.90 Rating LongHua District Hot No.1

  

Milo's Pet Life

Public Comments:4.96 Rating Shenzhen Pet Hot No.1

**Dog Shipping (Dry Goods)**

  

If you really don't want to foster a dog, checking in a dog is a good option, but there are ways to check in a dog.

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Can't Check Dogs &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;*

1: Short respiratory tracts, such as pugs and sissies. They are prone to respiratory difficulties in low pressure environments at high altitudes.  

2: Overly obese/large dogs, cages and pets preferably no more than 5kg)

3: No proof of vaccination.

4: No dog related documents (dog license)

5: Pregnant (overly sensitive, easily frightened)

**&gt; &gt;&gt;Shipping Procedures&lt;&lt;&lt;*

1:Have a pet vaccination certificate (take your dog to the vet at least one week in advance).

2:Go to a veterinary hospital recognized by the transportation department a day in advance to have your dog's physical examination, get a health certificate, and then exchange it for a pet exit quarantine certificate.

3:Book your dog's flight one day in advance with the cargo department of your airline. On the day of travel, go to the airport or train station 2-3 hours in advance to complete relevant procedures.

Pets should use special airline kennels or metal cages with undercarriages, with cotton mats fixed to the undercarriages to prevent leakage of urine and feces.

\\-- (aka.

Shipping Tips

  

Prepare plenty of drinking water. Especially in the summer (you can make ice cubes) - Do not eat before you leave - give your dog some weak alkaline water when you get off the plane and feed him a small amount 3 hours later, easy to digest food is preferred - and then give him some water to drink. -Aircraft to be equipped with an aerobic cargo bay

It's not that hard to check in a dog, and it's not that big of a deal, with all the precautions noted, just spend more time with your dog!

Some images from the web

Typesetting Writer/Zuo Qiuqi Ran

Editor / Salp YouKou

 
        