---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 96ed49fa9729ed9516ef721f8320a3bc76f6ee7f
summary:
- This is also the reason why the Corgi is so hot, with the big butt and little short
  legs to go popular dog can be no other.
- Although the corgi sheds a lot of hair, but they are short, easy to take care of,
  owners can bathe the dog at home, and they love cleanliness, light body odor.
tags:
- hair
- corgis
- corgi
title: ' Why are "high value" corgis so popular? '
---

 The short-legged little Corgi, as the Queen of England's favorite, also has many fans in the country. Don't say that people short-legged can't run fast, but look cute, high face value this point is very absorbing. Why are corgis so hot? After reading the following reasons, you'll understand.

1. good IQ, can sell cute

Corgi has many virtues, of which IQ and value are the most prominent. Corgi's IQ is ranked 11th, which makes it obedient and absolutely obedient to its master's instructions.

He is not only smart and good at learning, but also very good at pleasing his master, and he will be very pampered in front of the food, so he is really smart.

2. Quiet and non-disturbing

The Corgi is a quiet breed that doesn't like to bark and is suitable to be kept in a crowded neighborhood.

3、Does not attack people

The Corgi is gentle and kind to strangers, even if you take him out for a walk without a leash, he is very safe, so you can imagine how little aggression he has.

The Corgi is no problem to be used as an ornamental dog, but it may not be good to rely on it to watch the house, after all, some dogs really can't tell the difference between me and the enemy, and can get along with anyone.

4, easy to feed and not picky about food

The Corgi is not a picky eater and is very easy to feed, even a handful of vegetables, it can also eat tasty, but in order to grow the dog's nutrition needs, the owner can combine meat and vegetables together to feed, so as to balance the nutrition.

In addition Ke base itself is easy to fat body, so the owner to control the amount of feeding, if you are not careful, it will become bread "base".

5、Boring can also jerk the dog

If you want to say what is the best thing about owning a Corgi, but it's the jerking off. The big round butt with the short legs makes everyone who sees it want to come over and touch it, it's really healing and relaxing.

This is also the reason why the Corgi is so hot, with the big butt and little short legs to go popular dog can be no other.

6, strong body

Corgi may not be very tall, but the spirit he shows outdoors in terms of athletic skill and endurance speed is remarkable. He is a very sensible dog, and has a completely different personality in the home.

The owner can learn the life skills of the dog when outside, the benefits of the breeding life, of course, when training the dog to give it some delicious goat cheese would be even better, can beauty hair can also be calcium.

7、It is easy to take care of.

Although the corgi sheds a lot of hair, but they are short, easy to take care of, owners can bathe the dog at home, and they love cleanliness, light body odor.

Daily to often help corgi dog combing, can comb off the old hair, promote the growth of new hair, usually eat some egg yolk can also beautiful hair, dog food is best to choose low-salt, can reduce hair loss problem.

Conclusion: do you like corgi dogs?

 
        