---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 982bcce7d1ec9aca88aa87be30060811c585bac4
summary:
- In early November, the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress organized
  a law enforcement inspection of the "Decision of the Standing Committee of the National
  People's Congress on a Total Ban on Illegal Wildlife Trade, Elimination of Abusive
  Consumption of Wild Animals, and Effective Protection of People's Lives and Health
  and Safety" "Wildlife Protection Law of the People's Republic of China" "Guangdong
  Wildlife Protection Management Regulations", and formed a law enforcement inspection
  report.
tags:
- wildlife
- guangdong
- reporter
title: ' Guangdong Cracks Down on Illegal Wildlife Markets and Trade, Has Dealt with
  3,045 People '
---

 Guangdong Crackdown on Illegal Wildlife Markets and Trade, Dealt with 3,045 People

JinYang.com by Hou MengFei 2020-11-26

As of November 6, more than 300,000 business establishments such as markets, restaurants and hotels have been cleaned up and fixed, and 2,085 cases involving wild animals have been established and 3,045 people have been dealt with.

Yangcheng Evening News Media reporter Hou Mengfei

On November 26, the reporter learned from the 26th meeting of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress that: at present, Guangdong has continuously issued a number of policies and documents to ban all wildlife, and crack down on illegal wildlife markets and trade practices. As of November 6, clean up and rectify the market, restaurants and other business establishments more than 300,000 / times, establish wildlife cases 2085, deal with 3045 people.

In early November, the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress organized a law enforcement inspection of the "Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on a Total Ban on Illegal Wildlife Trade, Elimination of Abusive Consumption of Wild Animals, and Effective Protection of People's Lives and Health and Safety" "Wildlife Protection Law of the People's Republic of China" "Guangdong Wildlife Protection Management Regulations", and formed a law enforcement inspection report.

According to the report, Guangdong has now established a system of inter-departmental joint meetings to combat illegal trade in wild animals and plants in the province. At the same time, it has issued more than 60 measures and guidelines on wildlife protection and supervision, epidemic prevention and control, prohibition of hunting, trading, transportation and consumption, proper disposal, strict law enforcement, and publicity and education, etc. The report shows that Guangdong has established a joint meeting system between departments to combat illegal trade in wildlife. We are also cracking down on illegal wildlife markets and trade, and maintaining "zero tolerance" for criminal activities involving wildlife.

As of November 6, nearly 450,000 police officers have been dispatched to clean up and regulate markets, restaurants and other business establishments, and more than 300,000 wildlife cases have been filed, and 3,045 people have been dealt with, including 1,010 people detained, 468 arrested, 1,071 handed over for prosecution, and more than 74,000 wild animals have been seized.

In addition, the province's wildlife farmer exit compensation work is also advancing in an orderly manner. As of November 13, Guangzhou and other 18 cities (Shenzhen, Shantou, Chaozhou City, no disposal task) have completed the withdrawal of disposal of 5,448 farmers, the completion rate of 100%, the completion of the disposal of wild animals 47,142,300 / only. Compensation funds in place 1.02 billion yuan, compensation in place rate of 99.8%, of which 17 municipalities compensation funds have been fully in place.

However, the Law Enforcement Inspection Group also found that there are still some problems in the management of wildlife protection and management in Guangdong Province, such as: the bad habit of indiscriminate consumption of wildlife has not been completely removed, supporting regulations and policies are not sound, wildlife farming transformation work is not enough in place, and so on.

In this regard, the Law Enforcement Inspection Group recommends that the provincial governments at all levels and relevant departments should fully implement Xi Jinping's Ecological Civilization Thought, conscientiously implement Xi Jinping's important discourses and instructions on wildlife protection, fulfill their statutory responsibilities for wildlife protection with practical actions, and promote wildlife protection and management in accordance with the law.

Editor: Kong Ming

 
        