---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 9b513b861282a70bfeff8714dd2a066c
summary:
- The body length of antelope is 1.2-1.5 meters, shoulder height 68-90 cm, weight
  37-50 kilograms; the four limbs are long and slender; there is a longitudinal fold
  formed by the skin concave in the middle of the back, the hair inside the fold is
  white, when scared and start to run away, the fold spreads, there is an obvious
  white ridge, which is a warning signal to the companions; both male and female have
  horns, black with ring ribs.
tags:
- long
- hare
- black
title: ' What are the fastest animals in the world? Top 10 Fastest Animals, See Who''s
  Faster '
---

 There are many animals in the world that run. The lion, for example, is the most dominant animal of the African savannah and is known as the "King of the Beasts". But what most people don't know is that lions are also very fast. Most of the time, fast running animals will dare to hunt prey that runs at the same or even much faster than them. Do you know what the fastest animals are? This article has compiled a list of the top ten fastest animals in the world, let's take a look.

1、Cheetah

The cheetah, also known as the Indian leopard, is a member of the cat family Cheetahidae, and is the only species in the genus Cheetah. The cheetah has black spots all over its body. It has a black stripe from the corner of its muzzle to the corner of its eyes, and a black ring on the end third of its tail; the hair on the back of its neck is long, as if it were a short mane. It inhabits temperate and tropical grasslands, deserts, and savannahs with sparse trees.

The cheetah is a carnivore, and its main food is various antelopes. It only kills one prey at a time and runs very fast.

2、Horned Antelope

The fork-horned antelope has a forward branch in the central horn sheath, hence its name. The body size is medium, 1-1.5 meters long, tail length 7.5-10 cm, shoulder height 81-104 cm, adult weight 36-60 kg, females are smaller than males; the back is reddish brown, the neck has black mane, the abdomen and hips are white, and there are black patches on the cheeks, face and sides of the neck.

The undercoat is fluffy and covered with rough, brittle long hairs, which can make its coat at different angles to keep warm or dissipate heat due to the role of some skin.

3、Jumping Antelope

The body length of antelope is 1.2-1.5 meters, shoulder height 68-90 cm, weight 37-50 kilograms; the four limbs are long and slender; there is a longitudinal fold formed by the skin concave in the middle of the back, the hair inside the fold is white, when scared and start to run away, the fold spreads, there is an obvious white ridge, which is a warning signal to the companions; both male and female have horns, black with ring ribs. Both males and females have horns and black ringed ridges. They are very good at jumping, with their backs arched and their limbs stretched down and close together.

During the dry season, it migrates in large groups over long distances in search of new pastures. It feeds on grasses and shrub shoots, but does not drink water if there is enough grass. Mating occurs in May of each year, with a gestation period of six months, and usually gives birth in November-December, with one litter per litter. The hyena and the condor are its natural predators. It is distributed in South Africa. It is the national animal of South Africa.

4、African Ostrich

African ostriches belong to the family Ostrichidae, and are one of the largest birds in the world, with adults up to 2 feet tall.
At .5 m, the male ostrich can weigh up to 150 kg. The long, slender snake-like neck supports a small head with a short, flattened, triangular beak made up of several horny sheaths, characterized mainly by an underdeveloped keel and the inability to fly.

It has a dangerous toenail about 7 cm long on each big toe of both feet, and its hind limbs are stout and powerful for running. It lives in the desert grasslands and savannas of Africa, and is widely domesticated in many countries because its feathers, skin and meat have high economic value, fast growth, strong breeding, easy to keep and strong resistance to diseases.

5、Horned Horse

The horned horse is a large antelope that lives on the African grasslands, with a bull's head, horse's face, and goat's whiskers. The head is large and broad-shouldered, resembling that of a buffalo; the back is slender and more horse-like; and the neck has black hyena hair. The entire body is covered with long, smooth hairs with short markings.

The body ranges from blue-gray to dark brown with a black face, tail, whiskers, and markings, and the color varies according to subspecies, sex, and season. Horned horses are large, weighing up to 270 kilograms, and generally live about 15 to 20 years. They are mainly found in sub-Saharan Africa.

6、Lion

The lion has a large, uniform body with medium-long, toe-walking limbs. The head is large and round, the snout is short, and the senses of sight, hearing, and smell are well developed. The canines and cleft teeth are highly developed; the upper cleft has a tricuspid and the lower cleft has a bicuspid; the molars are reduced, and the crown diameter is less than the height of the lateral incisors. The fur is soft. The claws are sharp and retractable.

The tail is more developed. It has the title of "King of the Grasslands" and is the top cat carnivore in Africa. The average wild African male lion weighs 240 kilograms and can reach 3.2 meters in length. The lion's hair is short, and the body color is light gray, yellow or tan. The male lion also has a very long mane, which can be light brown, dark brown, black, etc. The long mane extends all the way to the shoulders and chest.

7. Indian Antelope

The Indian impala, a herbivore, is a typical savannah antelope. Originally from South-Central Asia, including India and Pakistan, it has been introduced to the North American plains, the South American Amazon and even some islands in the Caribbean.

It has a keen personality, high intelligence and is good at running and jumping. Females are yellowish brown and look like high-horned antelope, with no horns and small body size; males have V-shaped long horns in a spiral shape, 45-65 cm in length, and most of their body is dark brown, with white eyes, abdomen, calves, lower part of neck and throat.

8、Hare

Hare, Latin name Lepus
The term sinensis is a collective term for animals in the genus Hare and four species in the genera Rough-haired Rabbit and Rock Hare. The hare is very agile and has longer legs and ears than the domestic hare. The European hare is capable of running at speeds of up to 72 km/h. In the Arctic region of North America, the white hare is more common. In the Arctic region of North America, the white-booted hare is more common, while in the south the California hare, prairie hare and other species are more common.

The hare prefers to live in mixed forests with water sources and trees, in sandy desert areas in grassland areas, and especially in young acacia forests with thorny trees.

9、The Greyhound

The Griffon, also known as the Rentier, is native to the Middle East. Adult dogs range from 68-76 centimeters tall and weigh 27-70 pounds.
At 32 kilograms, this is an extremely rare purebred dog. In recent times, the Australian Spaniels have been recognized as the best dogs in the world, and have been selected from Australia for racing in all countries. The Rottweiler does not have the habit of being a caretaker and does not like to bark or attack strangers; he is afraid of the cold and spends most of his time lazing in a warm, comfortable place.

However, once he finds prey or something to play with, he will show surprising speed and agility. The Rottweiler needs 40-60 minutes of exercise per day, and the adult dog's exercise capacity is approximately 10 kilometers per day. Due to the Gundog's superb explosive power and speed, the short, smooth back fur makes him very susceptible to injuries, especially scrapes and fractures.

10、African Wild Dog

The African Wild Dog is 100 cm long, with a tail length of 30-45 cm and a weight of 17-36 kg. The coat is mottled, including black, yellow, and white, and each individual has different color markings. The forelimbs are without claws. The premolars are large and can grind large bones, similar to hyenas.

They live in groups and are located by barking. It hunts medium-sized hoofed animals in packs, pursuing them at speeds up to 45 km/h. It can breed year-round, mostly during the rainy season. Breeds year-round, mostly during the rainy season, giving birth to 2-19 litters, usually 10 pups per litter, which are usually born in the dens of other animals, such as hyenas, and reach sexual maturity at 12-18 months.

 
        