---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 9be737e8c125821694a7f9cac80afa7b
summary:
- 'A few days ago, I found a hot search on Weibo: #Yang Gao''s cat is lost#.'
- I have to say that this experience of finding a lost cat is very informative.
- In the end, we hope that you will pass it on to help more cats find their way home.
tags:
- cat
- cats
- search
title: ' "Yang''s cat has been found, and they say it''s used in this way, so come
  in and learn!" Hahaha  '
---

 A few days ago, I found a hot search on Weibo: #Yang Gao's cat is lost#.

It is known that the golden gradient layer, called Tangerine, is a little baby raised by Yang Gao.

But on November 11, the little tangerine, which was placed in a relative's home, suddenly ran away from home.

When she learned the news, her sister sent out a message at midnight asking for help: "Just be safe and don't wander the streets!

As soon as the microblogging was released, many enthusiastic netizens gathered in the comments section below.

Everyone reposted and made suggestions.

If there is a will, there is a way...

Through everyone's efforts to spread the word and surpass my sister's koi body, I finally found the orange that had been lost for almost 10 days!

I heard that the oranges were picked up by a kind person after they were lost and taken to a mansion where they were served with delicious food and drinks~!

So it's not only intact, but it's gained a little bit of weight!

So... a cat raised by koi must be lucky too?

So many shovelers hope to use the luck of the orange to find their pups.

If you don't believe me, you can see that under the topic #Yang Gao's cat is lost #, it has completely become the base camp for people to find the cat.

Unexpectedly, a miracle happened!

Once everyone forwarded it, the same lucky goose soon found the cat!

▼

The same experience as Yang Gao, and netizen @ my little wandering milk tea.

One weekend in November, because the window on the second floor of the house was not closed properly, Milk Tea ran away from home like an orange....

Click to play GIF 3.7M

Considering Milk Tea's timidity, she fixed the search area in the neighborhood.

First, she posted a posting to ask her neighbors to spread the word, and then she followed the advice on the Internet, saying hello to Milk Tea's stray friends and asking them to give her a message.

Click to play GIF 4.3M

At the same time, she also left a window on the first floor, using Milk Tea's nest to emit the smell.

Click to play GIF 3.6M

Outside the window where the monitor can see, put out a nice smelling cat food and hope it will appear automatically.

Click to play GIF 2.5M

As expected, two days later, this guy followed the smell!

Probably wandering again when the encounter, milk tea is more timid and cautious than ever.

Click to play GIF 4.6M

The tug-of-war went on for another two full days.

Click to play GIF 2.7M

In the end, the little guy is still caught in the temptation of the flesh.

Click to play GIF 4.1M

by dy @ my little wandering milkshake

I have to say that this experience of finding a lost cat is very informative.

In other words, how can we find a lost cat in an efficient and timely manner?

▼

To this, the island's cat-finding god, Hiroshi Fujiwara, comes with experience.

He is a well-known "pet detective" (a detective who is commissioned to help find lost pets) in the shoveling circle, despite his gray hair.

To date, he has recovered more than 2,500 pets!

Some of them are immediately arrested and returned home the same day they are lost.

Some are lost for two weeks or even a month, but still return to their owners' arms.

The longest search took 2 years, but thanks to the owner who never gave up, the cat came home!

In fact, God is so good because he does the following five things before every cat search.

1、Print a large number of cat search notices: do not miss every hope online and offline, and spread as much as possible.

2. Ask about the cat's personality: by analyzing its behavior and habits, you can infer the cat's route after it is lost.

3. grasp the golden 72 hours: these 3 days are too unfamiliar to the external environment and cats are generally active near home.

4. don't give up on every corner of the neighborhood: steps, pipes, etc., the more hidden they are, the easier it is to hide a cat.

5. Looking for cats at night and in the early morning: As a nocturnal animal, cats are more likely to be found at night.

But all in all, let's remind you once again to remember: seal the windows and balcony, and neuter the cat at the right age!

No matter how surprising the "lost and found" is, we would rather it never happened in the first place.

In the end, we hope that you will pass it on to help more cats find their way home.

 
        