---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 9ef14b4e81245225c8a7773fb66cd9de
summary:
- According to a transcript of a speech provided by the U.S. State Department, U.S.
  National Security Advisor Robert O'Brien said during a visit to the Philippines,
  "I am pleased to transfer to the Armed Forces of the Philippines this shipment of
  precision-guided missiles, bombs, including 100 TOW-2A anti-tank missiles, 12 ITA
  anti-tank thermal imaging systems, and 24 MK-82 bombs.
tags:
- philippines
- philippine
- said
title: ' U.S. Delivers Drones, Missiles to Philippines, Top Officials Speak on South
  China Sea '
---

 2020-11-26 18:20:43 Source: Global Military Times

Report

The U.S. delivered weapons worth nearly $33 million to the Philippines this week, including 100 wire-guided missiles, 12 thermal imaging systems, 24 500-pound bombs and an unmanned surveillance aircraft, the State Department said, according to the U.S. Army's Stars and Stripes newspaper of 25 March.

  

Robert O'Brien (center) inspects a TOW-2A missile system in Manila.

A $14.79 million ScanEagle unmanned aerial vehicle was turned over to the Philippine Navy on Wednesday to enhance its maritime surveillance and border security capabilities, according to a statement released the same day by the U.S. Embassy in Manila.

The statement said the drone will be based at the San Miguel Naval Base (Leovigildo de San Miguel).
(Gantioqui) on a mission. The base is located in Subic Bay near the main Philippine island of Luzon, which once housed a U.S. Navy base and was a regular port of call for U.S. warships, the report noted.

The U.S. also handed over missiles and bombs to the Philippines on Monday ahead of the drone handover.

  

Robert O'Brien meets with Philippine Foreign Secretary Teodoro Luzin

According to a transcript of a speech provided by the U.S. State Department, U.S. National Security Advisor Robert O'Brien said during a visit to the Philippines, "I am pleased to transfer to the Armed Forces of the Philippines this shipment of precision-guided missiles, bombs, including 100 TOW-2A anti-tank missiles, 12 ITA anti-tank thermal imaging systems, and 24 MK-82 bombs. "

The report notes that Trump pledged $18 million worth of missiles in a phone conversation with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in April this year. The U.S. State Department said in a statement Monday that "this assistance will support the Armed Forces of the Philippines' efforts to defeat the Abu Sayyaf in the southern Philippines."

O'Brien said, "This transfer underscores our strong and enduring commitment to our key allies." He noted the allies' battles with Islamic extremists and expressed concern about the South China Sea dispute.

  

"ScanEagle drone (file photo)

Since 2015, the United States has delivered more than $650 million worth of aircraft, ships, armored vehicles, small arms and other military equipment to the Philippines, the U.S. embassy said in a statement, while also training alongside "our Philippine allies.

(Editor: WDQ)

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        