---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a08c96df73cf308bd174e2f468bac43a2014372a
summary:
- Designed by POP Art's representative designer, the Coke bottle cap is paired with
  Coca-Cola's classic red, plus HCK Haskell's classic square ice bar, which has been
  selling well in Europe and the United States for decades, the three classic elements
  collided and merged to create the trendy product we see now - HCK Haskell x Coca-Cola
  Ice Bar!
tags:
- classic
- ice
- good
title: ' [UNK] Generation youth exclusive goodies! [UNK] Haskell x Coca-Cola Co-branded
  Ice Bar '
---

 Designed by POP Art's representative designer, the Coke bottle cap is paired with Coca-Cola's classic red, plus HCK Haskell's classic square ice bar, which has been selling well in Europe and the United States for decades, the three classic elements collided and merged to create the trendy product we see now - HCK Haskell x Coca-Cola Ice Bar! It is a blend of retro trends and new age technology, a classic and avant-garde lifestyle that belongs to the Z era.

HCK Haskell's Ice Bar has a long history. As a classic product that has been selling well in Europe and America for decades, it has a good reputation and the quality is guaranteed! The design of the 1950's POP poster is made in Ultra HD 720 with Coca-Cola.
The DPI printing technology is realistic, the pattern is cool and realistic, the exclusive exquisite texture, that's the feel! There is a one-piece chrome handle, the bright silver color of the classic Coca-Cola cans decorated on the positioning plate, not only looks very interesting, the overall sense of far view and very trendy, the overall design, really great!

The interior of the refrigerator is designed with five temperature controls from 0-15℃, so you can choose the corresponding storage temperature whether it's for tea, drinks or snacks. Small body more large capacity, 42 liters of large space, any box of happy water into the space is more than enough! What's more, there is a high-definition window with three layers of tempered glass, not foggy surface, clear vision, take the internal food convenience, not to mention, but also very suitable for photo sharing.

HCK Haskell ice bar with compressor refrigeration system, efficient refrigeration at the same time in the energy-saving power is also a good hand, an average of three days only 1 degrees of electricity! The HCK Haskell Ice Bar uses a compressor refrigeration system, efficient cooling, while saving energy and electricity is also a good player, an average of three days only 1 degree of electricity!

 
        