---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a1a61f4c95d709f08171a04061751c3e
summary:
- The security guard scalded the cat with boiling water, completely disregarding the
  animal's right to life and using extremely cruel means, which is contrary to social
  morality and public order and good morals, that is to say, even if the company's
  rules and regulations do not provide for this, the dismissal may be supported by
  law.
tags:
- animal
- animals
- cat
title: ' Man scalded pregnant mother cat with boiling water in the street: Animal
  cruelty is a disease, we have to use the rule of law! '
---

   
On October 19, a video of a man scalding a cat with boiling water in Taiyuan, Shanxi province, sparked outrage!

In the video, the man locked a white cat in a cage, with just boiled water and poured the cat, was found by the loving people passing by, immediately stopped and the police, the man was taken away by the police, the cat was sent to the veterinary hospital for treatment.  

  
  

According to the surging news video screenshot

According to a video posted by a netizen, the man who boiled the cat was dissuaded by Ms. He, a rescuer, because "the cat had eaten his ham sausage".

According to Ms. He, after calling the police, the abusive man tried to destroy the evidence by throwing the cat away.
Fortunately, the police arrived in time, controlled the cat abuser and took him away. Ms. He took the doused mother cat to the local veterinary hospital for treatment. After rescue, the mother cat's four cubs were all dead. The mother cat's condition was temporarily stabilized that day, and she was taken care of by people organized by the Taiyuan Animal Protection Association.

  
  

The security company to which the man belongs announced in the afternoon of October 20, investigation and verification of the serious treatment of the employee, the termination of labor relations. And communication with the Taiyuan Animal Protection Association, paid a fee of 5,000 yuan for the follow-up treatment of burned cats.

  

  

But unfortunately, although a number of experts consulted on its rescue, but the cat's body burns about 70% of the area. The burned mother cat stopped her heart at around 16:00 on the 21st, and was declared dead. Caring people have been contacted for the cat to be buried without contamination and there will be a burial ceremony.

In this incident.

Many netizens have commented on the company's firing of the man.

Clap your hands in praise of.

The means of dealing with it is brutal!

  

  

  
  

It was also questioned.

Men's practices, though inappropriate.

But which law was violated?

Is this termination legal?

It is true that China's Labor Contract Law stipulates that the employer can terminate the labor contract in advance for serious violations of the employer's rules and regulations or if the employer is held criminally responsible. However, many enterprises have rules and regulations that do not necessarily exhaust the misconduct of employees. Therefore, according to the provisions of the Labor Law, we still need to review the enterprise's own rules and regulations to determine whether the employee is a serious offender and whether the enterprise's action of terminating the labor contract is legal and valid.  

China's Civil Code stipulates that civil subjects engaging in civil activities may not violate the law and may not violate public order and morality. In judicial practice, for some serious violations of professional ethics, public order and good morals, even if the rules and regulations do not include this in the acts that should be dismissed, the employer may be able to get legal support for the termination of labor relations.

The security guard scalded the cat with boiling water, completely disregarding the animal's right to life and using extremely cruel means, which is contrary to social morality and public order and good morals, that is to say, even if the company's rules and regulations do not provide for this, the dismissal may be supported by law.

Even if the man's actions cast doubt on his character and morality, the company could have paid compensation to dismiss the employee, which would have been legally justified.

Returning to the incident itself.

Things didn't stop festering with the passing of the mother cat.

Calls for quick legislation against animal abuse

The heat on social media platforms continues to be high.

  
  

In this case, because there are no detailed laws restricting animal cruelty, the man is not liable for the legal consequences of his actions, but only for the punishment of being fired. Admittedly, the punishment for animal cruelty is only moral at the moment.

In recent years, incidents of animal abuse, killing and spreading of information on animal violence have frequently triggered heated debates on the Internet, and there are even cat abusers who spread pictures and videos of animal abuse and killing to minors on the Internet and abet minors to abuse animals.

Such a serious implementation of violence, the spread of violence, of course, can no longer continue to stay on the moral level of condemnation, there must be laws to regulate.

In recent years, legislation to punish animal cruelty and the public dissemination of information on animal cruelty has become a hot topic among representatives and members, calling for the enactment of the Anti-Animal Cruelty Law to effectively restrict and guide animal cruelty from the legal level.

  
  

In fact, this is not the first time that NPC deputies and legal professionals have proposed the establishment of the Anti-Animal Cruelty Law. Perhaps we should also be aware that the legislative process is not an easy one, and that each provision needs to be tested one by one.

For example, what is animal cruelty? How do you distinguish between "slaughter" and "torture"? What is the difference between eating pigs, cows, sheep, and cats and dogs? The different eating habits of different people also make the court of public opinion difficult to understand.

For example, we can find all kinds of opinions on a tangled issue like "whether to ban dogs and cats". Those who propose legislation speak of "life" and "compassion," while those who oppose it find these words hypocritical, as if some animals are naturally more noble than others.

So, should we legislate against animal cruelty?

The answer, of course, is yes.

  
  

In recent years, a large number of foreign studies have confirmed that there is a high correlation between animal cruelty and violent crime. The harm of animal abuse is a potential safety hazard for human society, and the violence behind it is not just harm to animals, but a serious threat to human life and safety.

  
  

As various news editorials have emphasized a point of view: only when the law "stands up", more "hardcore" punishments, coupled with all-round protection and supervision, can more lawbreakers be warned to "put down the butcher's knife"! "Only then can abusive behavior be restrained and humans and animals can live in greater harmony.

The prevention of animal cruelty is for the safety of the society, as a member of the society, we need to cultivate a caring and respectful attitude towards other beings, and we also need to work hard to deepen the discussion of anti-cruelty legislation, so that the legislation on animal protection can really move forward.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        