---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a1ae9f38026df493ff57feb78892074d7917a74c
summary:
- Mr. Wu was passing by some construction sites at the foot of the mountain when suddenly
  several strong wild dogs emerged from the shadows and chased him, barking wildly!
- Mr. Wu's emotions were about to break down, and he quickly called the police again
  to say that this place was horrible and to come to his rescue!
tags:
- police
- mr
- wu
title: ' The chauffeur was chased up the hill by a pack of wild dogs in the early
  hours of the morning! He took a picture with his cell phone in the darkness and
  collapsed instantly '
---

 # The chauffeur was chased up the hill by a pack of wild dogs in the early hours of the morning! He took a picture with his cell phone in the darkness and collapsed instantly...

2020-08-17 17:46 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Media

In the early morning of August 17th, the police station in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, West Lake District received a tired voice: I'm a chauffeur, I'm being chased by wild dogs, in the mountains, I can't get down!

The caller is Mr. Wu, a chauffeur who has been in the business for almost three months. This night was the "darkest moment" of his driving career.

The driver's brother was led to the mountain road by navigation

I ran into a pack of wild dogs and was scared to run up the hill!

More than an hour before the police report, after he sent a customer back to the neighborhood where he had left Liouhe Road, he had just left the house when his phone pushed a new order.

The order showed that the order was in the transfer pond, and Mr. Wu was staying behind. Driving normally, one has to take Liusi Road, which means that with Mr. Wu's small electric car, it would take an hour faster, which is obviously too late.

At this point, the system provided a route through the Wuchao Mountain Forest Park, a straight line of four kilometers, which seemed quite convenient.

Mr. Wu didn't think much of it, put on his helmet, rode his beloved electric donkey, and set off.

The road up the mountain was getting narrower and narrower, and although it was walkable, it was by no means a big road. Moreover, the street lights were gone, and it was pitch black, so we had to rely on the electric car lights for illumination.

Then came something even worse! Mr. Wu was passing by some construction sites at the foot of the mountain when suddenly several strong wild dogs emerged from the shadows and chased him, barking wildly!

Mr. Wu was shocked in his mind, what kind of thing is this? He speeds up and heads in the other direction! Then he ran to the other side and some wild dogs appeared in the shadows, also barking at him!

Mr. Wu is completely panicked, this navigation is killing him! Run for the hills!

Lost in the dark, helpless to call the police for help

Mr. Wu walked a few hundred meters further, the barking of the dogs faded, and he was already sweating profusely, not knowing whether it was from the heat or from being scared.

At this point, he remembered that he had another order to complete.

He called the customer and explained the situation. The customer complained that he had been waiting for more than twenty minutes and now it showed you in the green mountains on the map, what was going on?

Mr. Wu was very conscientious and said he'd take a cab there now, sorry! The customer had no choice but to say, "Forget it, I'll cancel the order."

After the phone call, Mr. Wu felt very sad, and now he was in a dilemma.

The electric car was running out of battery, and he didn't know how much longer it would last. Mr. Wu wondered, "How long can I go back? They're all wild dogs! Keep going, who knows what else is in the mountains!

The more he thought about it, the more aggrieved he became, the more he finally chose to dial 110 police. He said he was chased by several wild dogs because he was unfamiliar with the route, and he fled up the mountain along the path, but it was pitch black and he couldn't find his way down.

Flash photography with a cell phone

It's in a graveyard!

After calling the police, something even worse happened!

After the police station received the report, the police immediately arranged the police force to go out. The police have also been able to find the location of the car, but they have not been able to tell us where the car is.

∧WeChat conversation between the driver and police officer ∧

Mr. Wu did, he turned on his cell phone flash, aimed at the shadow next to him, and scared the hell out of him!

Because the picture he took was of a graveyard!

Mr. Wu's emotions were about to break down, and he quickly called the police again to say that this place was horrible and to come to his rescue!

Ma Chunliang and his colleagues have now parked the police car at the foot of the mountain and turned on the police lights. Hearing that Mr. Wu is agitated, he WeChat voice reassures the other while searching. However, Mr. Wu said he was at the cemetery, but also reminded the daily patrol of Ma Chunliang.

After half an hour of searching, the group drove finally found Mr. Wu! The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the newest version of this article.

The police warmly reminds you to pay attention to safety at night, and do not go blindly to unfamiliar routes to avoid similar situations.

Read Recommended

Source / Hangzhou Daily

Original title: "The chauffeur brother was chased up the mountain by a pack of wild dogs in the early morning! He took a picture with his cell phone in the darkness and collapsed instantly...

Read the original article

Keywords &gt;&gt; Media Number

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Related Recommendations

## Comment ()

 
        