---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a2ae7ed10148531a329512b1060c974a
summary:
- Cardigan - The Welsh Corgi.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which only provides information
  storage service.'
tags:
- corgi
- dog
- dogs
title: ' What do you know about Corgi? Today we''re going to discuss '
---

 2020-11-27 16:26:26 Source: Abdominal Tearer's Week

Report

The Corgi is very cute, easy to take care of, and takes up little time. The Corgi's IQ is also very high, and he will quickly learn to master any skill he is taught, especially his appearance, and he is very good at playing tricks.

Looking online, I learned that there are roughly three types of Corgi: the first Cardigan-Welsh Corgi, the second Pembroke Welsh Corgi, and the third Swedish Corgi.

Most of the Corgi's usually seen in the dog market belong to the Pembroke Welsh Corgi. However, a review of the literature tells us that the Swedish Corgi is the oldest of the Corgi's relative origins.

  
  

Swedish Corgi (image from the web)

The Swedish Corgi is one of the Corgi species, which originated in the 6th century and was bred by Swedish farmers in the 8th century to herd cattle and sheep (didn't you know that the little shorthaired dog also had great uses?). However, the breed was near extinction in 1942 in very small numbers, and was later revived by dog experts until 1948, when it was recognized by the Kennel Club as a registered dog! Hair versus Cardigan-
The Welsh Corgi and the Pembroke Welsh Corgi are much shorter dogs, and their coats appear gray, fawn, red, sable and a mixture of these colors, as opposed to the Cardigan-Welsh Corgi and the Pembroke Welsh Corgi, which appear gray, fawn, red, sable and a mixture of these colors.
The Swedish Corgi is about 30-36 cm tall and weighs 12-18 kilograms.

  
  

Cardigan-Welsh Corgi (photo courtesy of the internet)

Cardigan - The Welsh Corgi, commonly referred to as the Cardigan. Cardigan - The Welsh Corgi.
The Welsh Corgi, one of the relatively oldest herding breeds (is it any wonder that this one has such short legs and can still herd? The Cardigan is longer and heavier compared to the Welsh Corgi, but has poorer spine hair, with predominantly black and white hair, but also sable, with very little yellow hair present, its ears are larger than the Welsh Corgi's, and this is one of the main ways to tell the difference, and its temperament is relatively mild, with a shoulder height of 26-33 cm. The weight is generally 10-18 kg.

  
  

Pembroke - Welsh Corgi

Pembroke
The Welsh Corgi, one of the more common Corgi breeds seen in the dog market, is loved by everyone for its cute new appearance, which is later in origin than the Cardigan, but also has a certain historical age, originating in 1107, and cannot be recognized as a new breed. They are 27-32 cm in size and generally weigh between 10-20 kg.

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which only provides information storage service.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        