---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a345543890694c4efb4931a0718f85a181f13b2c
summary:
- Ears turned back - This may mean that your cat is currently irritated or restless.
- Ears turned back - This may mean that your cat is currently irritated or fidgety.
- Ears turned back - This may mean that your cat is currently irritated or agitated.
tags:
- tails
- tail
- ears
title: ' How many interesting languages do you know about cats? '
---

 Interesting Facts about Cats

Cats have a unique language. For those who like to have cats as pets, there are some interesting cat facts that can help you understand your pet better. It's also interesting.

**Cats communicate through their tails**.

Cats communicate with their tails. Noticing a cat's tail usually tells you its mood, and you can act accordingly. Different tail positions have different meanings and intentions.

Dragging tail: This can mean that your pet is scared or threatened.

Tail up: This means that your pet is very happy.

Tail moving slowly back and forth - This means that your cat is still trying to analyze the situation and is still making up its mind.

Fast tail movement back and forth - This may indicate that your pet is very annoyed and wants to be left alone for a while.

**Cats communicate through their ears**.

Cats also communicate with their ears. The position of your cat's ears can also tell you a lot about him.

Ears straight - This means that your cat is very smart.

Ears forward - This means that your cat is currently satisfied and content. Ears turned back - This may mean that your cat is currently irritated or restless. If there are other cats around and the ears are turned back, be careful. Ears turned back - This may mean that your cat is currently irritated or fidgety. If there are other cats around and the ears are turned back, be careful.

Ears turned back - This may mean that your cat is currently irritated or agitated. If there are other cats around and the ears are turned back, be careful.

Ears turned sideways or backward - This means that your cat is feeling nervous or anxious.

Ears flattened back against the head - This means that your cat is very frightened and is in an optimal defensive state. It also means that your pet is very angry or annoyed.

**Cats communicate through their eyes**.

A cat's eyes can also tell you many things.

Dilated pupils: This is a sign that your cat is scared, surprised or irritated. When you see these signs, find a way to calm him down!

Staring into the eyes: This means that your cat is ready for the challenge.

Big stare: Again, this means that your cat is very nervous, irritable, agitated or aggressive.

Slow Blinking: This means that your cat is comfortable and safe. It also trusts its surroundings completely.

Half-closed eyes: Droopy eyelids show a relaxed and comfortable feeling in your pet.

These body language signs are useful when you want to train or tame your cat. This way, you can also determine if your pet is comfortable with you, responds to your commands, is angry or uncomfortable. This will help you to make your cat more docile when you train it.

**This article is the original work of Caesar's Cattery in Mordor, if you want to reprint it, please do so at your own risk**.

 
        