---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a3c67db4378e87303481be99b90b789d
summary:
- Nowadays, many people have pugs and pit bulls because they have wrinkled faces and
  often look at people with innocent eyes, which makes them feel especially pitiful.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides
  information storage services.'
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- color
title: ' Are pugs and bulldogs the same breed? This article gives you an answer. '
---

 2020-11-25 21:05:50 Source: Xiang Yang Psychology

Report

Are pugs and bulldogs the same breed? This article gives you an answer.

  

Nowadays, many people have pugs and pit bulls because they have wrinkled faces and often look at people with innocent eyes, which makes them feel especially pitiful. In fact, pugs and bulls are two different kinds of pets, they are not the same species, but they are very similar in many aspects.

First, the price.

  

In today's market price, pit bulls are more expensive than pugs. In fact, the editor is quite opposed to the sale of dogs, because now there are already many stray dogs on our streets, love team rescued a lot of pet dogs, if we want to find a pet, we can completely through adoption. If we want to find a pet, we can do it through adoption. Because of the animal trade, many people have started this business, which is actually very bad for the pets. Hopefully, more and more people will see the bad side of pet trading and make adoption a trend.

Size

  

Bulldogs are larger than pugs in size. They are both small dogs, but the pit bull is relatively stronger. If you get into a fight, the pit bull has the advantage. If you look closely, you can see that the pug is smaller. The easiest way to identify these two dogs by appearance alone is to see if they have tails. Pit bulls usually have their tails cut off when they are very young, so we usually see pit bulls without tails. But pugs are different, their tails are very curved and curly.

Hair.

  

For pugs, we generally see a single color, apricot and black. But pit bulls come in many colors, white, black, and blue, and many of them will have several colors on their bodies, such as black on their bodies but white on their bellies. It's easy to identify these two types of dogs by the color of their fur.

Expressions

The image we have of Bugs is a face of sadness. Especially when Pug does something, you can't bear to hit him when you see his sad face. The pit bull is originally a fierce dog, so the expression doesn't look like it's easy to mess with, it's very dominant.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        