---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a58c8cd3ebcd7e194a88027ff74ab5c2
summary:
- 'For high-risk breeds: Labrador, Golden Retriever, Husky, Alaskan, preventive use
  of staple foods containing these products from childhood can slow down and reduce
  the progression and extent of the disease.'
- In addition, brewer's yeast, the product of beer brewing, is added to the formula
  to provide rich vitamin B and probiotics, which can regulate the gastrointestinal
  system and improve the palatability of food.
tags:
- food
- foods
- effect
title: ' Cibo: A dog food that shovelers can''t miss! '
---

 As one of the most popular dog food brands, Xibao's strategic layout and development path has attracted a lot of attention since it has been ranked among the top selling dog food brands. In the Internet era, social media, such as live broadcast, short video, public, etc., has become a new development field for the brand. With the innovation and exploration of online channel operation, Cibo breaks the inherent mode of dog food sales, making consumers not only customers, but also friends, and becoming a group of warm-hearted family who love pets and life.  

The reason why Cibo has achieved such success is inextricably linked to the authentic quality and functionality of its products, its impeccable after-sales and consulting services, and its dedication to the spirit of craftsmanship with love.

Glucosamine, organic trace elements such as zinc, copper, iron, manganese, selenium, optimized vitamin packs, yucca extract, natural antioxidant complex packs, etc. Glucosamine promotes the synthesis of cartilage, prevents the breakdown of articular cartilage, has an anti-inflammatory effect and stimulates the growth of chondrocytes, while relieving the pain of osteoarthritis. It also relieves the pain and symptoms of osteoarthritis, improves joint function, and delays the progression of osteoarthritis. For high-risk breeds: Labrador, Golden Retriever, Husky, Alaskan, preventive use of staple foods containing these products from childhood can slow down and reduce the progression and extent of the disease.  

The natural antioxidant premixes in Multifunctional Whole Food can prevent oxidative rancidity, remove free radicals, delay aging and reduce the incidence of cancer; the yucca extract can reduce ammonia emissions and fecal odor. In addition, brewer's yeast, the product of beer brewing, is added to the formula to provide rich vitamin B and probiotics, which can regulate the gastrointestinal system and improve the palatability of food.

The mannan-oligosaccharide is an effective natural additive to regulate the intestinal flora of animals, which can improve the immune function of animals and adsorb or bind mycotoxins; the glucan can effectively improve the animal's auto-specific and non-specific immune response, and enhance the animal's resistance to viruses, bacteria, fungi and parasites, which can assist in the vaccination process. It promotes the production of antibodies, effectively regulates the micro-ecology of the digestive tract, promotes the proliferation of beneficial bacteria and the excretion of harmful substances in the intestinal tract, lowers cholesterol levels, and increases the content of HDL. For example, the glucan content in the Cibaud brand's Whole Price Multifunctional Nutrition adult food is 0.1% and uses beta-1,3-D-glucan, which is what many pet foods claim to contain, but the purity and content of the glucan should be noted.

In addition, the prescription foods are formulated with highly digestible chicken protein and moderately hydrolyzed protein, which can reduce the risk of food allergies. The combination of FOS and MOS can help prevent and alleviate the symptoms of diarrhea and vomiting caused by intestinal allergies by regulating the body's intestinal immune response. The multivitamin combination (carotene, vitamins C, E, B6, B5) fights oxidative damage to cells caused by free radicals, improves the stability of cell membranes, promotes collagen production in connective tissues, and helps maintain healthy skin.

It's not just a matter of advertising, it's a matter of using the product to avoid some of the problems and improve some of the problems that you already have. It's there for all to see.

  

Disclaimer: The various articles and images published and reproduced on this website are from reliable sources, the market has risks, choose carefully! This article is for reference only, and does not represent the views of the new site, and the resulting financial losses, the site does not bear any economic and legal responsibility, the site automatically blocks words that violate the "Advertising Law".

 
        