---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a5f3233c24578e4c532105e3670601b6
summary:
- Personally, this is nothing to worry about, because for us, the VN-1C itself is
  one of our main foreign trade products, to put it more directly, we can take out
  to sell things, not afraid of others to look closely, there will basically be no
  leakage of any core technology, and moreover, the U.S. military in the field of
  infantry fighting vehicles, also has its own equipment and core technology.
tags:
- mm
- thailand
- country
title: ' If our country sells the remote-controlled [UNK]-[UNK] to Thailand, isn''t
  it the same as showing it directly to the United States? '
---

 2020-11-26 17:04:31 Source: Wild Carrot Yo

Report

In the field of infantry fighting vehicles, we started a little later, the earliest to learn from the Soviet Union, which is no surprise, in fact, today we see a lot of equipment platform, at the beginning is to learn from the Soviet Union, the big brother, naturally, will learn more, after all, we were poor. The VN-1C mentioned in the title is a performance of China's northern industrial production of a relatively good infantry fighting vehicle, the most interesting feature is that its turret for unmanned operation, that is, the so-called remote control operation can be achieved.  

  

And recently, I noticed a news, the Thai side of the external publicity they bought from China's VN-1C infantry fighting vehicle, in addition to the external show details, even the internal structure are shown out! As we know, Thailand has received dozens of VN-1 infantry fighting vehicles from our country in the past few years, and the latest version of this platform, the so-called VN-1C infantry fighting vehicle, is on display this time. As you can see, the Thai Army is still quite satisfied with this equipment.  

  

As an infantry fighting vehicle, the VN-1C is equipped with a new version of 30mm machine gun with LG3 40mm grenade launcher, Type 86 7.62mm parallel machine gun and Red Arrow 73D anti-tank missile. The attack capability has been greatly improved, and since this is an 8×8 wheel drive, the battlefield survivability is quite tough under normal conditions. The 7.62mm machine gun can use NATO standard 7.62mm ammunition, while the grenade launcher has been deliberately chosen to have 40mm ammunition that is compatible with the MK-19 grenade launcher. Because the Thai army itself has some US military equipment, this time the consideration is very comprehensive.  

  

Speaking of the U.S. military, friends who know the situation around them should know that Thailand, in addition to our friendship, the relationship with the Americans is also quite good, as a small country, sandwiched between two major powers, Thailand should be more wise to do so, after all, the two sides do not offend anyone, will be able to get as much as possible for their own country's interests, from the point of view of the Thai people, this is no problem! .  

Since the Thais also use American weapons and Thailand has good relations with the US, wouldn't I be selling the VN-1C to the Thais and showing it directly to the Americans? Aren't you afraid of the problems that may arise from this, about leaks and the like?  

  

Personally, this is nothing to worry about, because for us, the VN-1C itself is one of our main foreign trade products, to put it more directly, we can take out to sell things, not afraid of others to look closely, there will basically be no leakage of any core technology, and moreover, the U.S. military in the field of infantry fighting vehicles, also has its own equipment and core technology. It is not inferior to us, and even more advanced, so we need not worry too much.  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        