---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a70df66667aae83914a0e0e96fe68fdb
summary:
- Meowers, an Internet buzzword, dubs cats as aliens who come to Earth from the distant
  planet Meow from outer space and use their cute appearance to trick humans into
  trusting them.
- The term "meow" is used to refer to a cat that is cute and pleasant to look at.
tags:
- cats
- cat
- meow
title: ' What does it mean to be a meow? What is the best way to keep a meow? '
---

 What does it mean to be a meow? What is the best way to keep a meow?

Time：2015-03-24 21:10 Source：hongwang.com Editor：Mao Qingqing

**Chuanbei Online Core Tip:** What does it mean to be a meow? What is the best way to keep a meow? ---

Meowers, an Internet buzzword, dubs cats as aliens who come to Earth from the distant planet Meow from outer space and use their cute appearance to trick humans into trusting them. Then, they unexpectedly take over the Earth's fish resources.

The term "meow" is used to refer to a cat that is cute and pleasant to look at. It is also used to refer to all cats. Cat lovers often use this term to call cute cats to express their affection for their smart, lively and delightful cats. A predator is a woof star. Favorite food is Squeaker.

Meowing and Woof Singer playing together.

Unlike woofers, meows are self-taming animals. Woofers were initially able to adapt to human life because their social behavior in many ways matched that of humans. Unlike humans, they are solitary and territorial hunters and are mostly nocturnal, but it is their hunting behavior that first brought them into contact with their environment, and their strong territorial instincts that keep them in the same places.

Meowing methods.

Although cats are easy animals to keep, and everyone says "cats have nine lives", cats are indeed very strong life force, this is a fact, but cats are very afraid of injections, so pay attention to the daily details to avoid cats get sick injections!

1, cats can not drink milk, because cats do not have the enzyme to digest milk, cats drink too much milk will have diarrhea, occasionally drink a little or two can.

2, the cat's body temperature is generally about 39 degrees, just get off to the pet store cat may have 40 ° less than possible, this is normal, so do not believe in some quack said cat fever (I will update a dizzy cat encounter black-hearted pet hospital when I have time! .

3, cat vomiting is very normal, at this time to feed him cat grass or cat ointment is a good choice, after a few days of observation if still vomiting to go to the vet (sometimes cats cold will also vomit).

4. Cats love to eat thread, and when they see it, they become enchanted; all needles and threads should be hidden.

5, the cat to drink more water, so pay attention to the cat to add water, and then the cat is very picky about water, born with a strong sense of smell, the taste of water cats are very concerned, so give the cat and healthy water, and then fill the water basin is best glass, ceramic type (personal to the cat for the plastic, iron dizzy adults are not sparse).

6, if the cat is not vaccinated, owners should not touch the cute little animal when they go out, and remember to wash your hands if you do (my dizzy is not vaccinated, because it is now super afraid of shots).

7, stray cats picked up from outside should be isolated and not allowed to touch them, or they may be infected with diseases (previously, BBQ picked up a feral cat, and then fainted and was infected with ringworm, so be very careful).

8, cat food as far as possible to choose foreign, royal with more induction agent is not recommended to use, recommend high, EVO and other natural cat food.

9, the cat does not often eat canned food, now dizzy adults two days a can, awkward (my dizzy choose is Taiwan Sicily Golden Crown, small cans of better quality, large cans of material feels good garbage);.

10, cats should pay attention to maintain oral health, it is recommended to eat cat rice and eat more cat grass (eat cat grass I personally think the cat teeth are better, the netizens said to eat cat food will not calculus, in fact, I think the cat food cat teeth are yellow easier to eat problem, but unfortunately my dizzy does not like to eat cat rice);.

11, cats with ringworm, it is recommended to use only one type of spray: St. Louvie's All-Purpose Spray for Cats (if the head and other places can not be sprayed, it is recommended to use a sponge or the like to absorb the agent and then wipe the affected area).

12, although the cat is maverick, but the cat is very much in need of the owner to accompany him, more play with the cat, more help cat massage, touch the chin and pat the butt is a cat like things, not like the netizen said the cat likes to be quiet, in fact, healthy cats are in need of the owner to accompany him, more pet him, more attention to him.

13, domestic cats to be de-sexed, a birth of a birth of a birth of a birth of their own can be counted to reproduce how many generations of it, it is impossible to say a birth of a birth and then de-sex it, the birth of a baby cat that is always de-sexed it, the long pain is better than the short pain, de-sexing is necessary (cats)
(Spaying is done for male cats before they go into heat, not too early and not too late, and female cats are said to have gone into heat once! .

Email: chuanbeiol@163.com For more information, please visit the home page of Chuanbei Online: http://www.guangyuanol.cn

 
        