---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a714657ae5fa3c82c7b7218b7c6b26a4
summary:
- Just because the Siberian Husky is one of the top three non-aggressive dog breeds
  in the world, it doesn't mean they aren't aggressive!
- They are independent, have little obedience, and are jealous, which can lead to
  aggression, and there are many videos on the internet of huskies attacking small
  dogs.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- aggressive
title: ' Try to avoid these 8 breeds of dog because it will cost the owner more money! '
---

 Dogs are often called "man's best friend", we live with them, they give us unconditional love, and we provide them with a comfortable living environment and diet.

It is normal to provide the necessary expenses for a dog's normal survival. However, there are some breeds of dogs that, because of their characteristics, can cost a dog parent more money.

The aggressive Rottweiler.

The list of dog breeds that are not recommended to be fed is made by a veterinarian who has returned to the United States after 20 years of practice. Since some of the dog breeds in the original article are very rare in China, such as the Neapolitan Mastiff, Australian Shepherd, Afghan Hound, Rottweiler, Pit Bull, etc., they have been added and deleted to better fit the dog breeding environment in China.

The following is a detailed list of dog breeds **not recommended to feed **.

**1、Pekingese**

Also known as the Pekingese, Chinese Poodle, Palace Poodle, etc., it is a small ornamental toy dog that originated from the ancient Chinese court. It is widely bred in many countries around the world, of course, after various **conform to the aesthetics of the local country**.
The improved version of the Pekingese.

Pekingese are small and cute, but please don't be deceived by their appearance. They have a strong temperament, don't like to be treated like a toy, don't like to be hugged, and are unfriendly and aggressive towards small children, so they can easily hurt them. If you have children at home and have another Pekingese, the cost of vaccines will be much higher.

**2、Shih Tzu**

The Shih Tzu is actually the perfect pet dog, if it doesn't take care of its hair so often.

The Shih Tzu is considered to be a cross between a Lhasa and a Pekingese, and is a very popular pet abroad. They are strong, have a very long but sparse coat, do not shed much, and are considered in many cases to be a good choice for people with dog allergies.

Of course, the Shih Tzu is also not recommended to be fed in families with children, because it has the genetic character of the Pekingese impulsive, angry and easily frightened.

**3、Bulldogs in various countries**

Although the name suggests that the Bulldog is supposed to be a very aggressive breed, anyone who has owned one knows that Bulldogs are actually very tame and that the name is deceptive. Bulldogs are especially friendly to children, have a high pain tolerance, and can tolerate a lot of pawing from small children.

However, it is not recommended to feed larger bulldogs because they may accidentally knock over children, as they do not realize how strong they are.

The most costly aspect of feeding a pit bull is the treatment. Bulldogs are very susceptible to heatstroke and upper respiratory illnesses because of their short muzzle and short nose, they have a shorter lifespan than other long-faced dogs, and they tend to get too many illnesses in their middle and later years. Because short-nosed dogs are less able to engage in physical activity, they are naturally weaker without exercise.

**4, Siberian Husky**

It is better known by its other name, "Husky" or "Erha". I don't think there is a need to give too many examples of how much a Erha breaks up his home. The biggest cost to keep it is to redecorate it.

Just because the Siberian Husky is one of the top three non-aggressive dog breeds in the world, it doesn't mean they aren't aggressive! They are independent, have little obedience, and are jealous, which can lead to aggression, and there are many videos on the internet of huskies attacking small dogs.

**5. Alaskan Huskies**

As has been written in many articles, the dog is a hierarchical pack animal, and the weaker dog will yield to the stronger dog, who must independently lead his pack in search of food and prevent the lower dogs from challenging his position. The alpha dog is therefore very strong, independent, and rebellious. Alaskan Huskies, on the other hand, are natural leaders, which means they are difficult to train. They tend to attack smaller animals and sometimes even children in order to maintain their dominance.

Regular interaction with humans and other dogs can reduce their aggression.

Although the Alaskan dogs in our country today are hardly aggressive, this does not change the fact that they are expensive to feed.

This is because the biggest expenses in their care are hair care and housebreaking. Because Alaskan dogs have the bloodline of huskies, they also inherited the skill of housebreaking from Erha.

**6、Poodle**

** The Poodle was once voted one of the "Ten Most Beautiful Dogs in the World". **Pinscher
Originally from China, the Poodle is a very beautiful, fluffy and cuddly animal, but please don't be fooled by its appearance. They are also very playful and jealous, and if you have children in your home, it is not recommended to feed them, as this may lead to aggression.

**7、Beagle**

Beagles are very lovable, especially when they are puppies, and that's why so many families love to have them. They are very confident and independent, so **they are not afraid of larger dogs or people**!
This also means that the Beagle will attack everything.

Another reason for the high cost of feeding the Beagle is that they are also very destructive, and unlike the pure destruction of the Husky, the Beagle prefers to just chew and chew everything.

**8, Chihuahua**

Chihuahuas are definitely at the top of the list of dog breeds that are not recommended for feeding.

Although they are the smallest dog in the world, one would think that they would be very easy to manage. However, this is not the case.

** Chihuahuas are stubborn, difficult to train, jealous, physically powerful, barking and boisterous. **

It can run back and forth hundreds of times a day in the house without getting tired. If you are a quiet person, the sound of it running alone can drive you crazy, not to mention the fact that it loves to bark.

Chihuahuas are very aggressive, and if you have small children at home, they can easily injure you by mistake, costing you a lot of money in vaccinations.

Follow me for more cute and interesting content and first-hand natural science information from around the world. If you have any ideas, please leave them in the comment section.

Now that you've seen all of them, please help me out by commenting on them.

 
        