---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: a9636ef9e82960c1f2fbae3d6d1ba3a37e900931
summary:
- At the same time, Zhong Li Ti also dried out a short video for 0:44 seconds, in
  which Zhong Li Ti mainly filmed the family's pet dog dog to clean up their own,
  there are pet cats interspersed with back and forth, in short, this is a very loving,
  super warm picture and video, we'll see it below!
tags:
- booboo
- super
- pet
title: ' The pet dog [UNK] cleans meticulously, the pet cat follows along full of
  curiosity '
---

 2020-11-22 22:45:10 Source: Surprise Nature

Report



I'll give you a full review.  

Famous actress Christy 2020 posted on her personal social media platform on November 22, 2020 at 17:33 PM.  

My booBoo help me hahahahaha!  

  

At the same time, Zhong Li Ti also dried out a short video for 0:44 seconds, in which Zhong Li Ti mainly filmed the family's pet dog dog to clean up their own, there are pet cats interspersed with back and forth, in short, this is a very loving, super warm picture and video, we'll see it below!  

  

The daily concerns of dogs and cats at home - both have a way of pleasing their owners.  

In other words, the family pet dog and pet cat is also super competitive, in order to be able to please the owner's happiness, they can also be said to be painstakingly, such as Zhong Li Ti home pet dog dog BooBoo even made a big move, see BooBoo home cleaning robot to come galloping, see BooBoo made a big move, Zhong Li Ti's pet cat is full of brains. So the pet cat followed BooBoo all the way, and of course the picture is super cute and soft too ......  

  

The Daily Concerns of Dogs and Cats in the Chung Family 2 - BooBoo is highly sought after by owners  

The first thing that you need to do is to make sure that you have the right kind of clothes to wear and the right kind of clothes to wear. After the first snowfall in the early winter of 2020, she took her two daughters outdoors to enjoy the first snowfall in the city, and BooBoo was also included in the list, and she even gave BooBoo a photo alone, which shows that BooBoo has a high status in her heart.  

  

The first time I saw a cat in the Spring Festival Gala, it was not treated like this, and I didn't go out to enjoy the snow, but it was an extravagant hope.  

  

The same is true for Zhong Li Ti's pets, seeking the psychological shadow area of pet cats ......  

  

BooBoo cleans up meticulously and the cat follows along full of curiosity!  

  

. Seeing the funny things Zhong Li Ti shared about her family pets, fans left comments and called her.  

  

Booboo is so cute, I guess I'm scared inside, sitting on top of it, two little ears [haha][haha][haha][haha][haha].  

Shed hair while cleaning and tailing, hahahahaha!  

It's so cute just like Sister Yaya [haha][haha].  

Cats and dogs for a long time! [squeeze] [squeeze] [squeeze] [squeeze] [too happy] [too happy] [too happy] [too happy]  

Followed the dog around my sister's house  

  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        