---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: aa5a92ae8f1baac2b3fc7923dd395169
summary:
- Some sporting dogs, including the GermanShort-hair, Weimaraner, and Vizsla, are
  versatile hunters that excel at searching, pointing, frightening, and picking up
  prey.
- Because of these characteristics, sporting dogs are extremely good with other pets
  and prefer to be entertained by children.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- spaniel
title: ' Sporting Dog [UNK] is a true sportsman! '
---

 Breed Determines Character

Every type of dog has something in common, so "breed determines personality". Most dog registries classify dogs according to their behavioral characteristics, instincts and family history. Currently, it is common worldwide to group dogs into seven distinctive categories: sporting dogs, hunting dogs with a keen sense of smell or sight, sheepdogs, working dogs, and dogs with a strong sense of smell or sight.
Dogs, Toy Dogs and Family Dogs.

Sporting dogs (also called gun dogs in some countries) are dogs bred to assist their owners in hunting pheasants and waterfowl. Some are good at searching, others will pick up prey from the water or forest and bring it back to their owners (e.g., retriever), and the pointer will point out the location of birds. The Sheltie (setter) will also search for and indicate the location of birds, sometimes over long distances. The short-legged Spaniel prefers to move around its owner, perform small search tasks, and is capable of frightening and picking up prey. Some sporting dogs, including the GermanShort-hair, Weimaraner, and Vizsla, are versatile hunters that excel at searching, pointing, frightening, and picking up prey. The Pointers, Shelties, and Shorthaired Pointer are all good on land, but are happy to jump into the water whenever the opportunity arises. These hounds are accustomed to approaching prey quietly and usually do not like to make a lot of noise, but do the opposite when bored.

Although individual characteristics vary widely, from small to close to the ground (as in the Sussex Spaniel) to tall (as in the Pointer, Irish Setter, and Gordon Spaniel), they can be quite aggressive. ("GordonSetter"), but almost all sporting dogs are energetic and require regular opportunities for outdoor activities, including running, long distance walking, ball tossing, frisbee throwing, trick shows, hiking, etc. They are very social and sensitive, and are extremely friendly and welcoming to their own kind and to almost everyone else. These lively, enthusiastic and sensitive creatures are sociable and extremely friendly and welcoming to their own kind and to almost everyone else. They need to be active, are always trying to please people, and need your company. Because of these characteristics, sporting dogs are extremely good with other pets and prefer to be entertained by children. They have a runner's nature, so they must be kept in a safe place. Most Sporting Dogs are easy to groom.

TOPTEN for Sporting Dogs

1. labrador retriever

2. Golden Retriever

Cocker Spaniel

German Shorthaired Pointer

5. English Springer Spaniel

6. French Brittany Hound

7. Weimar Pigs and Dogs

8. the Chesapeake Bay Hound

9. Hungarian Hound

10．Irish Setter (Boutique Shopping Guide)

 
        