---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: aba68643b6890fe0b68fa104adf168ad
summary:
- It's sad to think that the veterinarian Xiaoming can only ride a small electric
  donkey to and from work every day, but his life is really not as good as a cat's.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the self-media platform "Netease", which only provides
  information storage services.'
tags:
- pets
- pet
- veterinarian
title: ' Sending 4 cats to herd sheep, but when I went to see them again, I was disgusted:
  This is a very good lazy thief! '
---

 2020-11-27 13:00:30 Source: Veterinarian Videos

Report

What a beautiful picture of the sky and the wilderness, the grass blowing in the wind and the cows and sheep. If possible, the veterinarian would like to get away from the chaotic city and go to the grassland to graze cattle and sheep. It doesn't matter what kind of environment you live in, it's important to be open-minded, isn't it?

  

I'm sure we've all heard of sheepdogs, so has anyone heard of sheepdogs and cats? Although his family is not rich and far away from the city, he is quite satisfied to live with his beloved animals every day, living a simple and happy life.

On this day, the shit-shoveler was lazy and didn't want to herd the sheep, so he sent the four cats to herd the sheep as they were smart and seemed to have a good relationship with the sheep. However, when he went to see them again, he didn't want to talk to them and suddenly felt disgusted with them: "What's going on here?

  

I saw the four cats, where they were herding sheep, squatting on the back of the sheep to sunbathe, which made them feel comfortable, and they really stole the lazy level of the sheep. By the way, how's the wool blanket for sleeping? Expecting these four cats to herd sheep is more difficult than it sounds, isn't it?

Ahahahahahahaha, now even meowers have their own mounts? It's sad to think that the veterinarian Xiaoming can only ride a small electric donkey to and from work every day, but his life is really not as good as a cat's. In life, many people go to the big city and are crowded there.

  

In life, many people yearn for the big city and squeeze towards the big city, so many people become drifters in the north and Shanghai, busy for a long time but can not take root in the desired city. There are even many people who doubt the meaning of their existence. As long as we have reached a certain spiritual level, we don't need to ask for too many external things.

It is important for people to understand what they want in life and not to blindly watch others pursue what they want. If you live a confused life, you will regret it when you reach a certain age. Some people may not have a lot of money, but they can live a very transparent life, while others may have a lot of money, but they have a lot of troubles. So live, you don't need to envy anyone, as long as you live the life you want, you won't regret.

  

The most important thing to do is to make sure that you have a good relationship with your pets. If there are already pets in the house and new pets are added, it's best to keep the pets in isolation and observe them for a while before deciding whether to keep them together.

It's important to separate their food bowl and territory, especially for pets like dogs and cats, which are more territorial and prone to conflict. In addition, the shovel officer should also be impartial to each pet, never favor one pet over another, otherwise it is easy to cause a war between pets.

If you have any questions, please contact our veterinarian, Ming.

If you have any questions about pet health and pet care, pay attention to the veterinarian Xiaoming for consultation.

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the self-media platform "Netease", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        