---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: aceca2827e19c14ef660a3ee4d2cdd28
summary:
- According to the report, 55-year-old wildlife photographer Nicholas Dale, who was
  born in the United States, was the first African wild dog to be killed.
- The photos show two packs of African wild dogs hunting baboons on the banks of the
  Zambezi River at speeds of up to 44 mph (about 71 km/h).
tags:
- nicholas
- baboon
- baboons
title: ' Poor Baboon Attacked by African Wild Dogs and Instantly Torn Apart in Cruelty '
---

 The African wild dog is the most efficient predator in Africa, yet these animals changed their feeding habits and started hunting primates like never before, the Daily Mail reported Nov. 28.

According to the report, 55-year-old wildlife photographer Nicholas Dale, who was born in the United States, was the first African wild dog to be killed.
(Dyer) is the photographer of these images. Born and raised in Kenya, he has spent the last six years on foot in remote Manatan, Zimbabwe, stalking and photographing these animals. The photos show two packs of African wild dogs hunting baboons on the banks of the Zambezi River at speeds of up to 44 mph (about 71 km/h). Commenting on the photos, Nicholas said, "The first time I saw them hunting baboons, I couldn't believe it. Usually they only hunt antelope, such as impala and pronghorn, but putting baboons on the kill list has not been reported in the scientific community, and they are rarely seen."

In the footage Nicholas followed, he captured the first of a pack of African wild dogs tasting baboons, with two black-tipped-eared puppies playing with the baboons' heads a few meters from the camera. Some people find it disturbing to see African wild dogs killing primates, but it is actually a natural necessity in nature's quest for balance, as the region's baboon population is proliferating, destroying birds and disrupting local ecosystems.

Nicholas' passion for saving creatures led him to establish the Wild Dogs of Africa Foundation to raise awareness of the plight of African wild dogs and to publish the book, "The Wolves: The Survival of the African Wild Dog. He added, "There are only 6,500 African wild dogs left in the world, and they are gradually showing some advantage in the race to extinction." In addition, African wild dogs are social animals that are intricately knit, closely knit family groups and genuinely care about each other. The reality, however, is that humans have been doing their best to eradicate them. (Editor: Wang Lemei)
(Reviewed by Zhu Yingku)

 Any website, newspaper or TV station may not be reprinted in part or in whole without the permission of OrientalIC, violators will be prosecuted. _

 
        