---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: ad778f17515dec28454af0ec0ab86927
summary:
- In terms of home design, Gloria sticks to her bold maximalism, using pastel colors
  as the base for the entire decor, with gorgeous and intricate colors, patterns,
  and textures to emphasize depth, and the paintings on the walls are also by her.
tags:
- designer
- design
- artistic
title: ' Anti-sexual frigidity: glamour and desire under maximalism '
---

 Original Dobby Aesthetics

A few years ago, minimalism was on the rise, and I followed this trend and started to break away.

But by now, I've thrown away quite a few things, moved more and more things at a time, bought more and more, and have an unabated desire to shop.

Now it seems that minimalist living is not for everyone, and we should be cautious about following this trend.

Designer Margaret Howell's home

The other extreme of Minimalism, Extreme Complexionism, is also slowly approaching our vision, and this style simply means "excess".

It was born in France and Italy in the 17-18th and 18-20th centuries. It inherited the artistic characteristics of the Baroque and Rococo periods and was characterized by luxury, decadence, and insolence. Features, using color clashing, splicing to attract attention.

Still from the movie "Cleopatra

01

Extremely complex design with a retro oil painting feel

Artist：Alessandro Michele

A well-known representative of maximalism, which has been widely used in architecture, fashion, and art, is Alessandro Michele, Gucci's current design director.

Alessandro
After Michele took over at Gucci, the previous style was replaced with a retro, artistic, eccentric and religious style, using the expression of maximalism, which became popular among young people and brought maximalism into the public eye.

Alessandro Michele

Alessandro himself is a true maximalist (collector's level) with over 360 pairs of shoes, but his collection goes beyond fashion.

One of his most prized possessions is the 35 different editions of Alice in Wonderland, a surreal and surrealistic children's book originally published by Lewis &amp; Co.
Carroll created this work in 1865. He collected many pocket-sized porcelain pugs by the German porcelain brand Meissen.

Alessandro's design style uses bold color blocking, large prints, and the mixing of different materials, full of romantic poetry, but also childlike innocence.

He is the only one who can print Mickey Mouse on haute couture, go to the cemetery, and hold shows in hospitals.

I'm easily inspired by old things, and I'm not interested in the future because it doesn't exist. I like haute couture, but I also like vintage and street style, and I think it's possible to create something new by mixing these styles.

Alessandro is also interested in interior design, bringing his own aesthetic to every aspect of Gucci's work.

Putting the bag in a group of still life, the oil painting-like texture, gave the small print an illusion, "Is this selling a bag? It's art!"

02

Combination of elegance and texture

Artist：Gloria Vanderbilt

The following is even more unattainable for us ordinary people.

"Gloria
Vanderbilt," dubbed by Vogue as "America's last aristocrat," is not only an heiress to a wealthy family, but also an actress, fashion designer, artist, and many other things.

Photo of Gloria Vanderbilt

In terms of home design, Gloria sticks to her bold maximalism, using pastel colors as the base for the entire decor, with gorgeous and intricate colors, patterns, and textures to emphasize depth, and the paintings on the walls are also by her.

In an interview, Gloria said, "What is beautiful to me may not seem beautiful to others, and what is beautiful to them may not be what I appreciate. But I know that one thing leads to another, and I know what I'm looking for. It's like I found this rug, and then I found this mantelpiece and then I decorated it.

Gloria has always been imaginative about life and has always been a source of inspiration to her.

She tells people not to be afraid to express themselves in the most outrageous and wild ways, if that's who you really are.

Never having painted before, she picked up a brush for the first time in her later years, and opened her personal Instagram at the age of 93 to share and sell her paintings, all of which are full of childlike themes of romance and happiness, and remind Little India of Chagall, that to meet a rainbow is to be lucky, and to be with family is to be happy.

03

Master of Color and Memory Management

Artist：Luke Edward Hall

Luke Edward Hall and boyfriend Duncan Campbell.

Luke Edward
Hall, an artist and interior designer, collaborated with Burberry in 2016 on an illustration for their Fall/Winter 2016 global campaign, posting photos of his home on social media, which were so well received that he became an instant hit.

Hall believes that a house is a mirror of what they own, reflecting their interests and tastes. Hall, who loves to collect, has his own aesthetic requirements, "More is More".

Paintings on the walls, books on the shelves, and decorative objects from all over the world make up Hall's home with her designer boyfriend, Duncan Campbell.

Hall chooses these small objects for their interesting materials, beautiful colors, and storytelling.

04

Cumbersome but Lovely Home

Artist：Violet

Violet's home is a visual delight compared to the dazzle of the first few.

The home is owned by Violet, a British fashion designer, and as you can imagine there are numerous holes punched in the walls to decorate the house.

Violet

Because her father ran a furniture company, he had a taste for collecting old furniture. Influenced by her father, Violet has been collecting since she was a child, and the pastel colors of the decor are a great way to poke fun at Violet's teenage heart.

Violet has a lot of stuff in her home, but it doesn't look cluttered because the entire space is in the same color palette and everything is neatly organized.

We can also reflect on why our rooms are messy.

The entire décor is more rustic and natural, with wooden furniture and woven baskets showing her love of wood.

Small and large hats and plates also serve as decoration.

Every maximalist has a philosophy of collecting, and for them, each piece has a story behind it and a reason why it cannot be discarded.

Stories are forgotten as time goes by, but objects can hold our emotions.

Looking at all the different styles of maximalists, I wonder if they have inspired you a little.

Whether it's minimalist or maximalist, we have to find a balance between the two, and only what suits us is the best.

Life is for yourself, and being surrounded by things you like is happiness.

Original title: "Anti-sexual coldness: magnificence and desire under minimalism".

Read the original article

 
        