---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: adfc2615c03946161bf1221e1b0bda7c1559c876
summary:
- Since the Tibetan mastiff itself is not scarce, these people behind the speculation
  began through the "purebred" to emphasize the value of the Tibetan mastiff, of course,
  the better the quality of the Tibetan mastiff sold more expensive, and even "purebred"
  Tibetan mastiff with a charge of more than 100,000, hundreds of thousands of dollars,
  you say behind this!
tags:
- mastiff
- mastiffs
- tibetan
title: ' It was once the "mythical beast" of China, and sold for millions and millions
  of dollars! Now it''s a "wild dog" and no one wants it. '
---

 For the "smart" people of the country will not give up any opportunity to "build wealth", and over the years the residents of China have proven that as long as this thing has the potential to "speculate" it It's a good way to make money, but of course, those who come in later may become the "catchers".

I don't know if you still remember what was once considered a "mythical beast" by some residents of China. Even once someone spent millions and millions of yuan to buy one, the "mythical beast" is known to us as the Tibetan mastiff.

In the eyes of many people now, the Tibetan mastiff is just a dog, but once many people in China will be regarded as a "mythical beast" but also for its "bloodline division," the more purebred sold more expensive, and now the "mythical beast "The Tibetan Mastiff has become a "wild dog".

The Tibetan Mastiff, also known as Tibetan Mastiff, is a large, fierce dog native to the Tibetan plateau. The Tibetan Mastiff is actually a very fierce dog, good at attacking strangers will have strong hostility. By now the Tibetan Mastiff has become China's various regions (community, residential living point), the breeding of dogs is strictly prohibited.

Many people wonder why the mastiff once fire will fall from the altar? In the middle of what happened?

In fact, the Tibetan mastiff was once in our country this fire is a "hoax", when someone deliberately behind the Tibetan mastiff hype, and bravery, loyalty hook, let it become a household name "beast". It has earned hundreds of millions of dollars on it, sold millions and millions of high prices.

After the Tibetan mastiff's reputation caught fire, these people began the next step in the scam to make the Tibetan mastiff rare. Understanding of the Tibetan mastiff culture, we all know that the number of Tibetan mastiffs is very much is not a scarce species, but to speculate on the value of the Tibetan mastiff to raise the value of the Tibetan mastiff, these people in the Tibetan mastiff "lineage" on the hands and feet.

Since the Tibetan mastiff itself is not scarce, these people behind the speculation began through the "purebred" to emphasize the value of the Tibetan mastiff, of course, the better the quality of the Tibetan mastiff sold more expensive, and even "purebred" Tibetan mastiff with a charge of more than 100,000, hundreds of thousands of dollars, you say behind this! How lucrative is the industrial chain?

You couldn't buy a house in Beijing or Shanghai with millions or tens of millions of dollars back then? In 2011, a Tibetan mastiff exhibition, a Tibetan mastiff was priced at 30 million yuan more expensive than gold, the Tibetan mastiff at that time also became a "luxury".

The interest is to promote the Tibetan mastiff price increase factors

Now people see the previous Tibetan mastiff millions and millions of dollars worth, will feel that it is a "joke". After years of "proof" we also understand that the Tibetan mastiff itself is "worthless," but was malicious speculation, thereby constantly raising the price of the Tibetan mastiff.

At that time, many people are relying on the Tibetan mastiff earned a fortune, casually selling a few small Tibetan mastiffs can earn tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars, such a windfall business who do not want to do?

But when people mad rush into them, looking for the Tibetan mastiff industry's opportunity to get rich, waiting for them is the bursting of the Tibetan mastiff bubble, millions of people eventually became a "catcher. Eventually they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy the Tibetan mastiff, can only ever hit in their own hands.

Now in some areas of China Tibetan mastiff has become a "stray dog" was abandoned, there is a good saying "the bubble will burst, the capital will always escape" Tibetan mastiff is not so?

 
        