---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b032d7f4a7d55b5b74e9a59844d412d8
summary:
- '2020-11-28 13:25:44 Source: Oc Entertainment'
- In "Three Times the Charm", the combination of high school bully He Yuzun and supermodel
  Xi Mengyao's sweetness and love together really is sweet.
- The netizens sour to "they are really sweet", life is like this how can there be
  no contradictions, noisy is life.
- Don't get lost in the entertainment and gossip!
tags:
- entertainment
- oc
- source
title: ' Is the dog food of love also genetic? The newest member of the family, Herman
  Ho, is the first to be appointed as the newest member of the family. '
---

 2020-11-28 13:25:44 Source: Oc Entertainment

Report

In "Three Times the Charm", the combination of high school bully He Yuzun and supermodel Xi Mengyao's sweetness and love together really is sweet.  

#I'm not going to be able to do that.  

  

The two of them wash dishes together, Lawrence Ho koala-style hug Xi Mengyao, kisses at every turn, sweet name is also casual.  

The latest issue of the program, Lawrence Ho and Xi Mengyao two selling milk tea, men and women with the cooperation of the way, two words "not tired", very grounded it.  

The netizens sour to "they are really sweet", life is like this how can there be no contradictions, noisy is life.  

  

However, according to the dog food, Lawrence Ho's father, the "King of Gamblers" is the Prince of Love. The meeting with Lawrence Ho's mother was also very sweet.  

  

The way he expresses himself is also "bossy president" style, giving Angela Liang a few days to think about it, but also ask "have you thought about it? Quite a gentleman.  

  

This includes Angie Liang who once told the media that "Mr. He said I was the last person he loved". I have to say that Angela Liang is very lucky that she is also the one who married love.  

  

The life of a luxury lover is full of rivalries, but to meet love is a blessing and something to be thankful for. It's not easy to meet the person you love.  

I hope everyone who has love will be happy all the time.  

_________  

Don't get lost in the entertainment and gossip!  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        