---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b122c2a435916bf8add6c09bb5b5d140
summary:
- '"The Labrador I bought also fell ill." When she heard Ms. Wang''s report, Xiao
  Lu, who was about to walk into the pet store, said she spent 1,200 yuan to buy a
  Labrador from the store on March 15, and the dog was diagnosed with distemper in
  less than a week and is currently being treated, for which she has to bear hundreds
  of yuan a day for treatment.'
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- pets
title: ' Pug dies after a week of illness, customer suspects pet store is selling
  "Chow Chow" '
---

 Ms. Wang and other customers are showing the pet purchase agreement form.

Chongqing Business News, a dog is the most loyal friend of mankind, with this idea, recently, living in Jiulongpo District, Ba Guo City, Ms. Wang spent 1450 yuan to buy a pug, but buy back less than a week, the dog died of infection virus. It's not a coincidence, Xiao Wu and three other people from the same pet store to buy the dog has also fallen ill, they suspect, they are bought "week dog". The pet store said, the dog is a live animal, the environment or feeding method may cause its illness.

**More than one customer bought a "problem dog"? ***

Yesterday morning, in the city of Ba Guocheng Yunhu Road, a pet store in front of the reporter saw Ms. Wang.  " Ms. Wang said the dog became ill and died on the sixth day because the treatment didn't work.

"The Labrador I bought also fell ill." When she heard Ms. Wang's report, Xiao Lu, who was about to walk into the pet store, said she spent 1,200 yuan to buy a Labrador from the store on March 15, and the dog was diagnosed with distemper in less than a week and is currently being treated, for which she has to bear hundreds of yuan a day for treatment.

"I 11 bought Alaska also have problems, spent 2500 yuan, bought back the third day with a severe fever, I'm still around to give it medication to eat." Yesterday, Ms. Wu of Shapingba also rushed to the pet store, ready to ask the owner for a statement.

"I bought the Samoyed soon also not good!" Yang, a citizen, said and pulled out her dog's checklist. The checklist states that her Samoyed dog has been tested for CPV (small viruses). "On the day I bought it, I went to the vet to have it checked, but the dog was fine, but three days later I found the faint virus. The vet said the virus has an incubation period of a few days, so it can't be ruled out that the store deliberately injected the serum to suppress the disease."

"We all bought our dogs in March, but they all fell ill within a week, could it be that this pet store sells 'dogs of the week'?" Yang et al. speculated.

**"No refunds or exchanges on pets sold. "**

Mr. Xie, the owner of the pet store, admitted that the dogs purchased by Ms. Wang and others did come from his family, "We guarantee that the dogs handed over to customers are healthy, but dogs are live animals and can get sick because of environmental factors or different feeding methods. The pet store is not responsible for this."

"The pet purchase agreement on the single states: the store sold for live pets, once sold not package, not refund, not exchange, sickness or death have nothing to do with the store." Mr. Xie said that since Ms. Wang and other customers signed the agreement, they agreed with it.

"What we sell is definitely not a 'Chow Chow' and we have never had a serum." Mr. Xie also produced the store's business license and related animal quarantine certificate of compliance. The reporter noticed that the business license of the business scope of the column, indeed written "sales of pet dogs" words; and every batch of pet dogs into a quarantine certificate, but also related.

**This is a very difficult problem to solve.

In this regard, the Kowloon Park Industrial and Commercial staff on duty, said that they have previously received several complaints about the pet store, due to the existence of identification difficulties and other issues, consumers in the encounter with this problem, the rights are more difficult to defend. The company has a long history of developing new products and services for its customers. The reporter then dialed the Jiulongpo District Health Supervisory Office phone, because it was the weekend, the duty phone has been unanswered.

In the end, the reporter and the industrial and commercial staff on duty repeatedly persuaded, the pet store promised to compensate a new pet dog to Ms. Wang and others.

**reminder**

**When buying a dog, it's best to write down the observation period**.

The industry, within 1 year old puppies, very lively before the purchase, can be bought home, within a few days began to appear fever, vomiting, diarrhea and other illnesses, can not adhere to a week will die, this is the so-called "week dog".

In this regard, Chongqing Animal Husbandry Veterinary Medical Association Pet Professional Committee Deputy Director Xu Hongcan reminded the public to buy pet dogs to carefully screen, the dog's eyes are bright, hair is soft, nose is cool and moist, if there is a secretion around the eyes and nose, the dog is not too healthy; pay, it is best to sign a purchase agreement with the store, a clear agreement to 3 to 7 days for the observation period, during which, if there are problems found. It can be returned or exchanged; the first time after buying a dog, you should choose a veterinary hospital to check it for any diseases. Business Journal reporter Zhu Ting

 
        