---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b321f6b9facd2b85a50492381f34418c4a8ea88e
summary:
- If the definition of a home is a dog, then these five dogs should have a home, even
  if their "owner" is a homeless man.
- After the dogs stayed at the door for half an hour, the hospital agreed to let them
  in to keep their owners company.
- For dogs, where their owners are, it's home.
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- hospital
title: ' Five stray dogs gave up escaping when they were rounded up and chose to stay
  in place to guard their owner '
---

 2020-11-25 21:55:19 Source: Big Love Puppy Control

Report

Recently, there was a photo that sparked a lot of discussion on the net.

In Kajang, Malaysia, in order to control stray dogs, a dog catching team was sent to the street to catch stray dogs....

  

But unlike other stray dogs, which would run away as soon as they saw someone chasing them, five of them not only didn't run away, but also surrounded a homeless man sleeping on the ground....

It was as if a group of bodyguards were guarding the owner.

  

Some netizens speculated that this homeless man should feed the dogs from time to time, and have a relationship with these dogs, so the dogs took him as their master.  

Instead, he stayed to protect his "owner".

  

It is known that if these stray dogs are not adopted within 7 days, they may be humanely destroyed, i.e. euthanized.  

  

This way of rounding up stray dogs has also been condemned by many netizens, who hope that the local community can deal with the stray dog problem in a more humane way.

When it comes to stray dogs, there are always some people clamoring for a dog problem, to kill all the clouds, if there are dog owners walking their dogs off leash, or free-range dogs, hurting innocent passers-by, the result is to arrest the stray dogs....

If a civilized city is not selected, it is also the fault of stray dogs....

Stray dogs are the original sin and should not exist.  

** But what did the dog do wrong? If it had a home, who would want to stray? ***  

Even if the home may not seem like a home at all to others....

  

If the definition of a home is a dog, then these five dogs should have a home, even if their "owner" is a homeless man.  

A homeless man in Brazil was picked up by an ambulance after suffering a stroke, and the ambulance was followed by six dogs....

When he was taken to the hospital, the dogs were in front of the hospital, howling and calling.

  
  

The dogs stayed at the hospital door for more than 24 hours after that....

  

It wasn't until the next day when they were discharged from the hospital that they were so overjoyed they couldn't stop whimpering....

  

They didn't really have a home, but they treated each other like family.

  

When a friend went to the hospital, the hospital nurse noticed four more dogs at the door....  

They were all standing in front of the door, keeping their eyes on the same figure.

  

It turned out that the street urchin wasn't alone, he had four worried and anxious family members!

It is understood that the four dogs are stray dogs he took in, although he had a meal without a meal, but he always fed the dogs first, before eating himself.

The nurse was also touched, he also found that the dogs are very clean and healthy, their owners must be very good to them....

  

After the dogs stayed at the door for half an hour, the hospital agreed to let them in to keep their owners company.

Even though life is not rich, the love that this man and his dogs give to each other is as strong as any emotion!

For dogs, where their owners are, it's home.

  
  

**** Customize a dog painting and keep the memories with him ****

**From Central Academy of Fine Arts, specializing in oil paintings on the theme of dogs and cats.  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        