---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b372b498dbab3169f62f8dd2046ad267
summary:
- Try not to rush your Aboriginal pet and the new cat to meet each other.
- Gradually allow the new cat and the original pet to patrol the house and get to
  know each other's scents.
tags:
- quickly
- integrate
- pet
title: ' How quickly can I get my family pet to accept a newly adopted cat? '
---

 Sometimes, people can be addicted to having a pet, and in the early stages, they may just have a cat or a dog, but after a while, they feel that one pet is too lonely again, and at this time, they may think of having a second pet. However, many people have some concerns before getting a second pet, that is, there may be fights between the new pet and the aboriginal pet, especially if the second pet is a cat, after all, cats are still theoretically solitary animals. However, by following the instructions below, you can also quickly integrate your new cat into the new living environment.

First of all, you need to prepare a special space for the new cat to move around, and this space is a place where the indigenous pets rarely go before. You can use some cardboard boxes or sheets to cover a chair to create a semi-enclosed space for your cat to hide.

When the new cat arrives, separate the two pets so that they have separate and distinct areas of activity from each other. Try not to rush your Aboriginal pet and the new cat to meet each other. You can, however, place scented clothing in each other's space so that they can become familiar with each other's scents.

This will allow them to get to know each other's scents first, and then, after a period of time, allow them to make visual contact with each other, depending on how receptive the Aborigines are to the new cat. But do not rush this contact, keep it short at first, and reward them with something they like to eat after touching each other, so that they feel something good is happening every time they see another cat.

Gradually allow the new cat and the original pet to patrol the house and get to know each other's scents. When the new cat enters the home, give the original pet more food that he or she likes but doesn't always have access to, so that the aborigines feel lucky to have the new cat in their home and have a good first impression of the new cat.

Many shovelers have two or more cute pets at home, and I'm sure they're facing the same problem with the old and new pets, so the shovelers have to be patient and slowly help them lower their defenses so they can blend in and get along with their new friends.

**The most important thing you can do is to make sure that you have the right tools and the right people to help you.

**Micro Signal: mydawangmao**

 
        