---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b3c4520d180729edbdc599d89f853c48ca5a3f40
summary:
- How can you tell if your cat is overweight?
- Life is movement, not very active cats, metabolism is slow, more likely to cause
  obesity, physical quality will also be very poor, it is recommended that pet owners
  have time to play with the cat, to arouse its interest in activity, let it exercise.
tags:
- cats
- cat
- life
title: ' Cats with a short life span often have these six characteristics. '
---

 A cat's lifespan depends on many factors, but they all manifest themselves physically. Generally, cats with short life span tend to have these 6 characteristics, hopefully your cat will have none of them.

1. Overweight

In both humans and cats, obesity can lead to many diseases. For example, diabetes, heart disease and other problems.

How can you tell if your cat is overweight? You can touch your cat near the chest with your hand, and if you can't feel the ribs, then it can be said to be obese. For overweight cats, owners should control the amount of food they feed to help them lose weight.

2, thin

In addition to being overweight, the other extreme is being overweight. Unless your cat is naturally thin, like a Siamese, Oriental Shorthair, etc., that is. If your cat can't eat fat and is as thin as a sheet of wood, it may have worms in its body, so we suggest deworming it.

If your cat can't eat fat and is as thin as a feather, it may have worms in its body and we recommend deworming it. If the cat is chronically malnourished, its life expectancy will be very short.

3. Not very fond of exercise

Life is movement, not very active cats, metabolism is slow, more likely to cause obesity, physical quality will also be very poor, it is recommended that pet owners have time to play with the cat, to arouse its interest in activity, let it exercise.

4. Cats with poor sleep quality

Cats spend half of their time sleeping, so sleep is very important for cats. If cats do not get enough rest for a long time, their nerves will be weakened, and they will feel very irritable and more prone to aging.

5. Cats prone to depression

Keeping a positive mood is one of the ways to make your cat live a long life. If the cat is always in a bad mood and easily depressed, it will be in a state of depression for a long time and will easily lose its life.

Therefore, it's best to give the cat more company and give it a sense of security. The actual time of the day, you can use **snacks** and teaser stick to play interactive games with it, which can increase the cat's interest in hunting and also enhance the relationship between you.

6, long-term abnormal poop

A cat's stool is the best reflection of its health. It is considered normal for cats to defecate two to three times a day, but if cats often have constipation, blood in the stool, soft stools, etc., it means that the cat's health is definitely unhealthy. It is recommended that pet owners take their cats to the hospital for examination as soon as possible.

In addition, diet is also a major factor affecting a cat's health, suggesting that the spade officer choose a low-salt, light and easily digestible cat food as the main food for the cat.

**Conclusion:** Is your cat thin or fat?

 
        