---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b470af34aab3bf5ffbae169db063f5d5972fc0c2
summary:
- Then, my mother asked, "Son, how many points did you score in the exam?" "Check
  it out for yourself and write your thoughts on the paper when you're done!" I said.
- Once when we went to the park to play on the monkey bars, my younger brother deftly
  climbed up the ladder, jumped onto the bars like a monkey, and climbed back and
  forth in circles.
tags:
- brother
- exam
- monkey
title: ' A "little zoo" of fun and excitement. '
---

 Zhou Yixuan, a reporter from Henan Business Daily, in the 4th class of the 1st Primary School, Weiwu Road, Jinshui District, Zhengzhou, China.

Some people say that home is a warm breeze that chases away the cold of winter; some say that home is a lake in which people can sleepwalk happily. For me, home is a "little zoo".

My mother is like a gentle lamb who seldom loses her temper. One time, I did not do well on my Language Unit 4 exam and scored 88 points. I thought my mother would be furious if she saw that. When I got home, I finished my homework and went out to play, thinking to myself: I hope my parents won't find out about my exam papers. Just at that moment, my father's voice rang in my ear: "I heard that there is a student in your class who scored 49 points." I was shocked and immediately thought of them. I was shocked and immediately thought that they must know that I was giving out exam papers. Then, my mother asked, "Son, how many points did you score in the exam?" "Check it out for yourself and write your thoughts on the paper when you're done!" I said. Mom just swished and started writing and I was so nervous! When my mother handed me the paper, I saw that she had written the words I specifically wanted to hear: "Too many points lost in the reading questions. My heart burst with joy, and all my worries vanished.

My younger brother was like a monkey, always a good sport. Once when we went to the park to play on the monkey bars, my younger brother deftly climbed up the ladder, jumped onto the bars like a monkey, and climbed back and forth in circles. His perseverance was so strong that he didn't fall off the narrow ladder, while I fell off after playing twice. My brother was such a monkey-level athlete!

I, on the other hand, was like a little tiger, especially angry. One time, I was playing with my brother, and only half an hour later we were fighting over a toy. I said angrily to my brother, "I hate you, I hate you so much." My brother sat on the floor and cried, and the sound of crying brought my mother to me, "Why are you making noise to him? Don't you know that you should respect the elderly and the young? Go and stand at the root of the wall." I had to go to the root of the wall to reflect.

We have a gentle sheep, a mischievous monkey, and a temperamental tiger at our house.

 
        