---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b5ecb786a8f99a61bd37b51525f5c00b
summary:
- However, cat mummies do have kittens, and many of them are kittens.
- Cats were worshipped as gods in ancient Egyptian society.
- But where are all those cats?
- This is how we came up with the fake cat mummies.
- However, for cat lovers, these fake cat mummies are a good thing.
tags:
- cat
- cats
- egyptian
title: ' Cat mummies, with live kittens? [UNK] Why a cat sacrifice? '
---

 This blogger looks like a cat lover. However, cat mummies do have kittens, and many of them are kittens. Many of the cat mummies unearthed in Saqqara today are CT scanned to reveal the remains of a whole cat inside. (Ugh, that's a sad answer) Not all cat mummies contain a cat. Sometimes there are only a few bones, and sometimes there is no cat at all, but cloth, resin, and so on.  
Why is that? This brings us to your second question about why cats were sacrificed.  
Cats were worshipped as gods in ancient Egyptian society. In terms of life, cats could catch rats, scorpions, protect food, and protect their families (a scorpion sting can be painful). Ancient Egyptian mythology mentions that Horus was stung by a scorpion when he was a child, much to the dismay of the goddess Isis, which shows how serious it was). On a religious level, cats are associated with many deities, especially with the sun. The goddess Bastet is the image of a cat; the Book of the Dead mentions that in the lower world (called Duat by the Egyptians, a dangerous place to pass through every night after sunset), there is a serpent named Apophis who spends his days thinking of eating the sun, but there is a big cat of Heliopolis (mjw).
(Aa) to protect the sun. In the late Egyptian period, people started a new form of religion that associated some gods with animals, and then took the corresponding animals and made mummies of them to dedicate to the god. Cats were associated with Bastet, and they were mummified, dedicated to the temple, and eventually buried in the Holy Sepulchre (the colored coffin found in this case was not far from where the cats were buried). Not everyone can make cat mummies, so the temples sell cat mummies to generate their own income. But where are all those cats? This is how we came up with the fake cat mummies. However, for cat lovers, these fake cat mummies are a good thing.  
As a cat lover, do you want to know how magical your cat was in ancient times? And how many stories are there? I can only say so much here in the Q&amp;A time limit, and I recommend you to read "Cloud Raising a Cat" series by Jia Yan of Peking University. Portal: http://www.ihss.pku.edu.cn/templates/learning/index.aspx?node

What can I say about you?

0 words entered

Published

 
        