---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b7e2fa21c5282644ac0d99616a9339c3
summary:
- A pack of African wild dogs escaped from their yard and killed 16 animals in the
  Worcestershire Wildlife Park in England due to damage caused by Storm Siara, Sky
  News reported on February 14.
- A park spokeswoman said that in the early morning hours of Feb. 9, 12 wild dogs
  entered a compound near the park, killing six Persian fallow deer and 10 Barbary
  sheep.
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- park
title: ' Snowstorm Hits British Safari Park, African Wild Dogs Run Away, Killing 16
  Animals '
---

 A pack of African wild dogs escaped from their yard and killed 16 animals in the Worcestershire Wildlife Park in England due to damage caused by Storm Siara, Sky News reported on February 14.

A park spokeswoman said that in the early morning hours of Feb. 9, 12 wild dogs entered a compound near the park, killing six Persian fallow deer and 10 Barbary sheep.

The park spokeswoman had previously said, "At no time was there a risk to public safety or any danger of animals escaping the park fence." Apparently, this time the facts beat her to the punch.

She said the wild dogs had been returned to their homes unharmed.

The spokeswoman explained:
"There was a passage between the feral dogs' compound and an adjacent compound that was damaged by the storm that hit Worcester County earlier that day, and it was through this damaged passage entrance that the feral dogs were able to access the adjacent compound."

She added: "Our staff has a deep affection for the animals in this zoo and we are very sorry for the sixteen animals that were killed."

Britain's Met Office warned that another Storm Dennis was due to arrive in the UK on February 16. The spokesman said:
"We are aware of the weather warnings for this weekend and we will be closely monitoring the local weather and, as always, we will be making decisions in the best interests of the animals in our zoos and the safety of the public."

According to the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), the African wild dog is "one of the world's most endangered mammals" as habitat and food are lost.
. There are only 25 remaining populations of the African wild dog, with a total population of about 1,400, most of which are found in southern and southeastern Africa. When hunting, they gather in packs and prey on five species of animals, including gazelles, and can run at speeds of up to 44 miles per hour (71 km/h).

 
        