---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b8dd2d063cc71cb7661142a12a8a1878
summary:
- According to the "Hohhot City Dog Management Regulations," such key areas as the
  Yiyuan community is not allowed to raise large dogs, spirited dogs.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- regulations
title: ' Concentrated inspection of pet sale business areas and residential communities. '
---

 The new revision of the "Hohhot City Dog Management Regulations" from October 1 this year was formally implemented, the new rules clearly in the key dog management area, each household is limited to one dog, and may not keep a spirited dog and aggressive large dogs. In order to comprehensively promote the management of dog improvement work, strengthen the source control of large dogs and spirited dogs, over the past few days, the city public security bureau city management detachment joint Huimin District Public Security Branch of the Huanhe Street Police Station and Saihan District Public Security Branch of the University East Road Police Station, the pet sales business concentrated areas and residential neighborhoods to carry out a centralized inspection.

**The company's products have been sold in the United States and Europe.



The inspection reporters found that, through the public security department's pre-remediation, the pet stores selling mostly small dogs and medium-sized dogs, no longer see the figure of large dogs and spirited dogs. The business owners are also very cooperative, have said that they will comply with the relevant regulations, no longer sell large dogs and spirited dogs.

The company's main business is the company's business development and marketing department, which is responsible for the development and marketing of the company's products and services. If you find a business breeding, selling large dogs, spirited dogs, we will be based on October 1, the newly promulgated regulations to step up their punishment."

** Increase regulatory efforts to regulate civilized dog breeding in small areas**

Afterwards, the reporter followed the police to Yiyuan District, Saihan District. According to the residents' report, there is a violation of breeding strong dogs in this area. After two hours of inspection, the police found that two households had illegal breeding behavior, and found three potent dogs. In response, the police issued a rectification notice to the dog owners and provided education to the owners.

The three potent dogs were a Caucasian and two Rottweilers, all of which were confined in the residents' yards. Although there is a guardrail to block them, as long as someone passes by, they will keep barking, the sound is very loud, and it affects the life of the surrounding residents.

The city's urban management detachment of dogs to stay in charge of the inspection Yun Lijun said: "large dogs, large size, there may attack people, and barking is also very loud, you can hear the barking of dogs into the community, so we issued a rectification notice, the deadline for dog owners to move the dogs from the community to the general dog breeding area to raise. According to the "Hohhot City Dog Management Regulations," such key areas as the Yiyuan community is not allowed to raise large dogs, spirited dogs. It's been more than a month since the "Hohhot City Dog Management Regulations" came into effect, and we've been promoting and persuading them, and from now on we're going to start regulating uncivilized dog breeding behavior. For keeping large and spirited dogs and refuses to listen to the advice, the individual is fined 1000 yuan, the unit is fined 3000 yuan, and the dog is confiscated."

(Hohhot Evening News reporter Jia Min)

[Liability Editor: Meng Jie]

 
        