---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: b8eba83b8cf3e94540ac22c551e1e272
summary:
- After owning a dog, the owner should do every day to walk the dog in time, while
  giving the dog to walk, the owner can also get the corresponding exercise, thus
  can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- fishy
title: ' Science shows that owning a dog is good for longevity, do you believe it? '
---

 2020-11-27 23:07:16 Source: Basketball Bunny

Report

Scientific studies have shown that owning a dog is good for longevity, do you believe it? Let's take a look at the reasons why we say that!

  
  

In a study, Dog Ownership and Survival After a Major Cardiovascular Disease, the results of a study were published.
In the paper, "Dog Ownership and Survival After Major Cardiovascular Events," Swedish scientists tracked the mortality data of all patients aged 40 to 85 years who died of acute myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke from 2001 to 2012 and concluded that dog owners gained the following additional health benefits compared to those who did not own a dog.

People who lived alone after hospitalization had a 33% lower risk of dying from a heart attack.

People who live with a partner or child have a 15 percent lower risk of dying from a heart attack

Stroke Patients Living Alone After Hospitalization Have 27% Lower Risk of Death

Stroke patients who live with a partner or child have a 12% lower risk of death

**can help the master with pain**.

Dogs have very high IQs, and when they see their owners in pain, they know how to help relieve the pain, such as children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), by reading to them, they develop social skills and control their behavior more easily.

  
  

**Can bring joy**.

When you have a dog, you will find that you will not feel lonely when you have a dog by your side, you will also improve your sense of well-being, you will become happier, happier, and you will have less diseases when you feel comfortable.

  
  

**It helps to exercise**.

After owning a dog, the owner should do every day to walk the dog in time, while giving the dog to walk, the owner can also get the corresponding exercise, thus can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. When the owner walks the dog, he can interact with the dog, and when interacting with the dog, he can reward the dog with some goat cheese snacks, which can enhance the friendship between the two.

  
  

**will comfort the owner**.

When the owner is happy, he will be happy too. When the owner is sad, he is also very worried and will stay with the owner to comfort him. When the owner is sad, he is also very worried and will stay with the owner to comfort him. The owner's mood can also get better very quickly.

  
  

If you want your dog to stay with you longer, you must pay attention to their diet, because it is a very important part of a dog's diet, which directly determines their health problems.

When choosing dog food, be sure to pay attention to whether or not there is a lot of additive inducement, inducement is generally fishy odor, because dogs like to eat fishy things, so many unscrupulous companies will add some inducement, improve palatability, and claim to be "salmon" taste.

In addition, if you eat fishy dog food for a long time, your dog is likely to have bad breath and stinky stool. So it is best to choose some more natural taste dog food.

  
  

Conclusion: After you read, what do you think about it?

  
  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        