---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: bc8091608e532a497d635fd9282f67e239a5789a
summary:
- (Yong) Recently, Hunan Yuanling County People's Court Yuanshui Environmental Resources
  Court concluded a case of illegal acquisition of precious and endangered wildlife,
  the defendant Shi Mou guilty of illegal acquisition of precious and endangered wildlife,
  illegal business crime, was sentenced to ten years and six months of imprisonment,
  and a fine of 180,000 yuan; the defendant Xiang Mou guilty of illegal acquisition
  of precious and endangered wildlife, was sentenced to three years of imprisonment,
  four years of probation, and a fine of $ 1,000,000.
tags:
- animals
- wild animal case
- cat
title: ' A wild animal case in Hunan Province sentenced to ten and a half years in
  prison and a fine of 180,000 RMB '
---

     

  

(Reporter Tao Chen Correspondent Sun)
(Yong) Recently, Hunan Yuanling County People's Court Yuanshui Environmental Resources Court concluded a case of illegal acquisition of precious and endangered wildlife, the defendant Shi Mou guilty of illegal acquisition of precious and endangered wildlife, illegal business crime, was sentenced to ten years and six months of imprisonment, and a fine of 180,000 yuan; the defendant Xiang Mou guilty of illegal acquisition of precious and endangered wildlife, was sentenced to three years of imprisonment, four years of probation, and a fine of $ 1,000,000. A fine of 5,000 yuan.

The defendant Shi Mou has been illegally acquiring bamboo rats, stone frogs and other wild animals from local people without legal sources during a town rush in Hunan Province's Baoying County from 2015 to November 2019, and then selling them to Liang Mou (another case) for more than 80,000 RMB. Wildlife. The dead or living wildlife identified by experts include: 66 birds, snakes 177.66 kg, 57 mammals, four for the national level key protection of precious and endangered wildlife - white-necked long-tailed pheasant (appraisal value of 40,000 yuan); two red-bellied pheasants (appraisal value of 10,000 yuan) and two kittens ( (appraisal value of 12,000 yuan), are the state two key wildlife protection; the rest are the state protection of three wildlife, respectively, 60 gray-breasted bamboo chickens, 56.88 kilograms of Wujiao snake, 100.38 kilograms of king brood snake, 20.4 kilograms of pointed-nosed pit vipers, 45 flowers, white bamboo rats, 2 civets, a leopard cat, 6 pig badgers and a ferret badger, the total appraisal value of more than 180,000 yuan. And the defendant to mou in a drive to help Shi Mou acquired two of them in the process of white neck pheasants and a red-bellied broiler.

After the court hearing, the defendant Shi Mou, to mou illegal acquisition of national key protection of precious and endangered wildlife and state two key protection of precious wildlife, including Shi Mou's plot is particularly serious, his behavior has constituted illegal acquisition of precious and endangered wildlife crime; At the same time, the defendant Shi Mou in violation of state regulations, in the absence of wildlife business license to sell wildlife to others many times In the case of the crime of illegal business, the circumstances are serious and his behavior has constituted the crime of illegal business. In the joint crime, Shi Mou played the main role as the main offender, Xiang Mou played a secondary role as an accessory. The defendant Shi Mou, Xiang Mou after the case, all truthfully confess their criminal facts, and voluntarily accept the punishment, have a confession, plead guilty and return the stolen goods, can be light or mitigating circumstances. Accordingly, the court made the above judgment.

  

 
        