---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: bcec748919d40245eac117ee66b4482599375b0f
summary:
- The illegal acquisition, transportation or sale of precious or endangered wild animals
  without the relevant state permits may constitute the crime of illegal acquisition,
  transportation or sale of precious or endangered wild animals as stipulated in Article
  341 of the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China.
tags:
- wild
- animal
- protected animals
title: ' The judge''s statement] Protecting wildlife and building a better home '
---

 # [Judge's Statement] Protecting Wildlife and Building a Better Homeland

2020-11-27 17:30 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Politics

Speaking of wildlife

What do you think?

Giant pandas and Tibetan antelopes are protected animals at the national level.

But there are many more around us.

Common State Protected Animals

Sparrow

Also known as the house sparrow, it is a second-class state protected animal. The upper body is generally brown and black mottled. There are 27 species in the world, 5 of which are found in China, and are listed in the IUCN (World Conservation Union).
2013 Red List of Threatened Species ver 3.1.

Pheasant

It is also known as pheasant (commercial name) and pheasant, and is one of the three national protected animals. The male pheasant has brightly colored feathers with black and brown horizontal stripes, scarlet cheeks and purple-green neck. Female pheasants are mixed with black chestnut and sandy brown, with short tail feathers and no green neck or white ring.

So, common does not mean unprotected!

Love animals, build a better home together

Let's go to today's [judge's statement].

01

Is it illegal for "me" to kill a wild animal just because it's cute and I want to keep it as a pet in my home?

You may think that keeping wild animals as "pets" does not harm wild animals and is not a violation of relevant laws and regulations. However, most of the wild animals can be farmed only with the relevant state permits. The illegal acquisition, transportation or sale of precious or endangered wild animals without the relevant state permits may constitute the crime of illegal acquisition, transportation or sale of precious or endangered wild animals as stipulated in Article 341 of the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China.

The "transportation" here has a wide range, including carrying, mailing, using other people, using transport and other methods of transportation, "sale" includes the sale and profit-oriented processing and utilization. And take "sale" as an example, the act of "sale", when, where, and how to sell, whether or not to get a profit, does not affect the establishment of this crime. Therefore, you should not breed wild animals without the relevant state permits.

01

And are wild animals like forest frogs and pheasants still edible? Is it illegal?

Take the forest frog as an example, there are both farmed and wild forest frogs, and the wild forest frog is a second class national protected animal, it is illegal to buy and sell it! Farmed forest frogs can be bought and sold for food, but it is difficult for ordinary people to distinguish between farmed and wild forest frogs.

In February this year, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on the complete prohibition of illegal wildlife trade, eliminate the bad habits of indiscriminate consumption of wild animals, and effectively protect people's lives and health and safety of the decision issued, indicating that China's legal level to combat illegal hunting has been expanded from precious and endangered wildlife to ordinary wildlife, from illegal hunting to illegal consumption, from pure wildlife, to illegal hunting, to illegal hunting, to illegal consumption, to illegal hunting. This extends to captive-bred wild animals. Therefore, please don't eat or hunt wild animals illegally out of curiosity, and don't contract diseases or violate laws and regulations by eating wild animals.

The above is today's answer to the question about wildlife protection, if there are other legal questions, you can register at the party service station, Meihekou People's Court will answer regularly.

Original title: "Judge" to protect wildlife and build a better home

Read the original article

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Comment ()

 
        