---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: bf097dbba01c3e1d96cc0e2753804c873cd77239
summary:
- 'geyuan6: Some people say that randomness will ruin Hearthstone, and that Arena
  is a mode full of randomness.'
- 'geyuan6: Your arena level is already very high, so do you usually watch other arena
  broadcasters live?'
tags:
- arena
- arenas
- geyuan
title: ' 12 wins in the arena in May, the first Meowth 501 interview! '
---

 Hearthstone Legend May arena 12 wins ranked number one mystery man "Meow 501" interview.

**About Individuals**

geyuan6: Hi 501, you're #1 in the arena May rankings just released by China National Service, congratulations! I'm not sure if I've got the right stuff for you.

The first thing you need to do is to get your own copy of the book. A lot of people have been in the business for a long time. The first thing that you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're looking for.

geyuan6: Does your ID: 501 have any special meaning, and why did you choose such a name?

501: When I was in junior high school, I saw a male character named Wu Sanyi in a comic book and thought it was simple and nice, so I adapted it as my long-term nickname. There was also a hope that my name could be changed to something that sounded like this (my surname is Wu, but it seems like a lot of trouble to change my name).

geyuan6: How long have you been involved with Hearthstone?

501: I've been playing since the first day of the national service beta. As I follow various online card games, I applied for an activation code six months before the beta started, and received the code a few days before the beta.

geyuan6: Then you're one of the oldest players! Congratulations on getting the #1 spot on the May JJC list, can you tell us your secret?

The first thing you need to know is how to make sure that you're going to be able to get the best out of your game.

geyuan6: Awesome! Do you have the confidence to be the champion again in June?

501: I have just graduated from school and I have no interest in my major. Hearthstone is what I am good at and what I am good at, so I want to develop it into a job. I am not confident that I will be the champion again in June. I don't want to do that, and I don't want to spend too much time on the 12 wins for the sake of first place, there are many other important things waiting for me to do. There are many other important things to do. And the benefits that this list can bring to everyone are limited.

geyuan6: How strong is your ladder?

501: The highest ladder hit the 10th place in the legendary, and I wanted to make some achievements in the Construct tournament, but I was too busy with my studies to spend much time on it (come to think of it, I didn't even participate in an offline tournament! The best result is that I once won the second place in the 6th Hearthstone 32-player Invitational Tournament in Dark Moon). I can only play a few rounds of arena leisure when I have time, and then slowly build up the abandonment, and become a monthly low-policy arena player who receives 20 levels.

geyuan6: That's a pity. What's your favorite profession in the arena?

501: Thief, strong sense of operation and powerful!

**About Hearthstone**

geyuan6: Some people say that randomness will ruin Hearthstone, and that Arena is a mode full of randomness.

501: Randomness is directly proportional to entertainment, and will also close the level gap between players, and fewer people may play with low randomness (like board games), but it's overkill. I'm not too happy with the randomness of the arena right now. There are more and more cards that are very random, with a huge difference between the upper and lower limits, and that can even determine the outcome of a game, such as Servant of Ugxalon, Man-Powered Reaper, Scrabble, 130, Lawgiver, and so on.

geyuan6: Arena is currently Blizzard's least changed mode, almost from the beginning of beta until now there have not been any substantial changes, is this a good thing or a bad thing?

501: A bad thing! The current Arena mode is just a byproduct of Constructed mode, like the old 1v1 of Triple A. Blizzard says it cares about the Arena, but there's little to show for it, and the career gap is getting wider and wider. I think the arena needs special treatment at the moment, and there are a lot of areas that could be improved, such as the drastic changes like the new 1v1 of the Three Kingdoms. ...... Of course, these are not all in a nutshell, so I won't go into them.

geyuan6: You also mentioned that the career gap in the arena is getting wider and wider, and the win rate of priests in this version is very low.

501: Is there really such a person...? If there is, don't play it. Priest has always been an overrated profession. It's possible that his filthiness has disgusted many people to the point that many people think he's stronger. In terms of arena trends, the priest will be at the bottom of both the heat and the odds.

**About Meowth**.

geyuan6: I noticed you have a meowing prefix, and there are others in the May list with that prefix, do you know each other?

501: Of course we do. The arena organization [Meowth] was officially founded on June 3, 2016, and its predecessor was the arena research group that I created. The principle of recruiting people carefully is to keep it small and lean, and after a few new recruits there are now 50 members (arena gods, anchors, and writers). Dedicated to the arena research, exchange discussions, game live, strategy published, and more arena-related activities in the future.

geyuan6: Wow, awesome! So how many people from your organization were on the May list? Do you have any common goals for your organization?

501: A total of 7, and all of them are in the top 30 (8 if you count the 2nd place finisher who was just added to the list). Originally we wanted to make a presence on the June list, so we changed our name a few days ago. The competition will probably be even more intense in June, and there may even be some swiping and subbing of cards, and in May, since no one knew there would be a list, we were able to get away with having more than one player on the list.

**About Interactive**

geyuan6: Your arena level is already very high, so do you usually watch other arena broadcasters live?

501: No. But I've seen some of the arenas of Ergo, Big Dog, and La La La. But I've seen some of the arenas of Ergo, Big Dog, and La La La, and I've learned from them, so I don't watch them so much. In addition, I always read the strategies written by Dorick, the god of the arena, and I often get a lot out of them.

geyuan6: Who is your favorite jjc broadcaster? I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.

I'm not sure how much I'd like to spend on this, but I'm not sure how much I'd like to spend on it. For example, he touches the 0/2 healing totem of the opponent with 1/1 of our field instead of hitting his face, so as to avoid being beaten by the opponent's tongue of fire for nothing. Hearthstone players generally experience greed.
--Not greedy--
The three stages of greed. The first greed is the ignorance and fearlessness of not knowing anything about the world. The second is not greed, which is the timidity and caution of having learned a lesson. The third greed, is the bold decision after weighing the benefits and risks. The third greed is probably the most profound in the current arena anchors. It is a very strong awareness of the face, and seldom does it go overboard. This has been a great benefit to me.

geyuan6: Is there an arena god you follow in the outside world? There's an arena god Woett who achieved 202 wins in 20 rounds a while back, do you know the news?

501: Yes, he's great. However, the language barrier and the channel are inconvenient, so in general, I don't pay much attention to those broadcasters in the foreign service.

geyuan6: Do you know the NGA? Do you usually log on to the NGA to watch Hearthstone information?

501: Yes, I often watch NGA. I've just become a contributing writer for the NGA Hearthstone Zone.

geyuan6: Huh? Well, forced to become...ahem, anyway, do you have your own live studio? Do you have any plans to start a live studio in the near future?

501: I used to broadcast in Battle Flag for a few hours, but then I put it on hold because I was busy with school. I have a plan to start a live broadcast in the near future, but it may not be that soon. I want to improve myself in every aspect and present a better self to you right from the beginning.

geyuan6: Okay, one last question for those who are new to the arena, what advice do newbies have for improving themselves in the arena? (This is one of the most common questions asked in the NGA Hearthstone Q&amp;A section).

501.

First, watch the arena live and video. I recommend Big Dog, La La La, Rosicky and Eternal Dance. (Of course, I hope that you will come more often when I open the live broadcast);

Watch various arena strategies (the main push dorick and I wrote, I will soon publish a 10,000-word arena strategy in the NGA, so stay tuned);

The appropriate auxiliary plug-ins (Hearthstone Box, HDT's card notation, HearthArena's card selection);

(4) Find a way to get gold coins to practice (not for the sake of card painting, because an arena ticket is expensive for most Chinese players, but this is an effective but unsuitable method for promotion).

Related hotspots.

Hearthstone Legend Arena Gods tips: teach you to play the thief _

_Top 12 wins at Hearthstone Arena in May 2016_.

 
        