---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: c0285064b4d36f2b71fce7ffc15c84ec
summary:
- '11 Prestige Rank unlocks the French Night Covenant Campaign: the Curse of the Moonlit
  Warlord, with quest completion rewards.'
- '22 Prestige Rank unlocks the French Night Covenant Campaign: return to Druster,
  reward for completing the mission.'
tags:
- spirit
- heart
- hearts
title: ' World of Warcraft 9.0 Faerie Night Covenant Skill Soul Transformation Form
  Source List! '
---

 1

Spirit of the Horned Horse

11 Prestige Rank unlocks the French Night Covenant Campaign: the Curse of the Moonlit Warlord, with quest completion rewards.

2

Spirit of the Incandescent Blue Moth

22 Prestige Rank unlocks the French Night Covenant Campaign: return to Druster, reward for completing the mission.

3

Spirit of the Wolf

The Court of the Enchanted Night's Reputation is friendly and can be purchased at 59.6 in the Winter Woods Valley and 52.88 in the Spinning Nose, which requires 1,500 stored heart energy + 5 gratitude gifts.

4

Spirit of the Lion

5

Spirit of the Bear

Activate the first level of the Sanctuary Transfer Network to nourish the root, unlock the quest line, complete the series of quests to activate the Marasmus Reputation, and purchase it from 29.6 and 34.8 Cordinarius after you are friendly.

6

Spirit of the Tiger

7

Spirit of the Crane

The Wilderness Crew Respect can be purchased from Aislinn (Heart of the Forest 59.6.32.4)/Lyriwen (Olypos 47.6, 76.8) with 1000 Reserve Hearts.

8

Spirit of Megalobin

Unlock the queen's greenhouse, plant 2 seeds of root + 1 holy wild spirit in the queen's greenhouse, harvesting vegetables chance to get.

9

Spirit of the Tortoise

10

Spirit of the Velociraptor

Muezzara who fell in the other side of the dungeon.

11

Spirit of the Screamer

The Mist Caller who fell into the Mists of the Dungeon Sezzen Forest.

12

Spirit of the Bipedal Dragon

Random battlefield rewards, odds of getting them.

13

Spirit of the Griffin

Rating pvp tournament rewards, odds to win.

14

Shadowhunter's Soul

It is also possible to drop the mount Wild Fleece Wanderer on the cold Valfields at coordinates 30.6,55.0, which requires a member of the Covenant of Dharma Night to channel heart energy to the Forest of Setzxian via the Covenant Sanctuary Heart Energy Infuser.

15

Spirit of the Wolf and Eagle

The coordinates are 36.9, 60.2 in the cave of the Blue Fairyland. You can enter the cave with the covenant skill Soul Morphing and then with the Scintillation skill.

16

Rune Spirit of the Stag

Low chance of falling from the mysterious rainbow horn, blazing blue fairy 49.6, 29.8 rare. Interact with the giant horn of the rune stag to summon this rarity.

17

Spirit of the Elk

Activate the Sanctuary's Mind Energy Deflector, study the tendrils of the first level of technological flow, and channel your mind energy into the Swamp of Dreams, with /way 41,5,
44,8 Slippery Conversation randomly starts a special battle. The purchase condition is unlocked after completing five different shows in the Poi Star Theater.
46.03 Master of the Clerks, Saloon, can be purchased with 2000 stored hearts.

18

Cobra Soul Metamorphosis

Unknown source, to be updated

19

Hyena Soul Metamorphosis

20

Spirit of the Horned Eagle Beast

21

Spirit of the Hawk-Headed Cat

22

Spirit of the Stag

23

Curtain-Winged Soul

All of the above items are quest items. Once acquired, they must be given to Ms. Mann of Heart of the Forest/way 38.2, 25.10 to unlock the morphs.

The soul morphing form cannot be changed in the wild, you must choose the form by talking to Ms. Mann every time you switch.

 
        