---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: c5fe0068e97d26302212b08ab0f7a397
summary:
- Some psychologists have explained that bears who abuse animals are often motivated
  by the following three psychological factors, all stemming from a lack of parental
  education
- '** Parents will only pay attention to themselves if they do something wrong, something
  out of the ordinary and dangerous** So some children beg for attention and love
  by abusing animals.'
tags:
- animal
- animals
- children
title: ' 5-year-old girl''s behavior on bus infuriates netizens, psychologists: bear
  child is the victim '
---

 The term "bear cub" is no stranger to us, and every time a news report about a bear cub comes out, it refreshes our perceptions, and someone has even said, "There is no such thing as a bear, only more bears!

The 5-year-old girl's behavior on the bus angered netizens, multiple heated discussion

Recently, a short video has been widely discussed on the Internet.

It happened on a bus, a 5-year-old girl with her mother on the bus, holding a furry little thing in her hand, and a closer look revealed that it was a small hamster.
**The girl kept playing with the hamster in her hands, either hanging it upside down or kneading it repeatedly. **

After a while, probably because the girl had thought of a "new way to play",** she simply clutched the hamster in her hand, tighter and tighter, until there was no more movement. The girl, however, was smiling happily as she played. **

When the girl saw that the little hamster was dead, she probably didn't think it was funny,** and threw it on the ground. **

**The little hamster went from being alive to dead in a matter of minutes, and the mother next to the girl did not react or do anything to stop her daughter the entire time. **

A user said: ** Seeing this girl laughing gives me the chills! ***

It was also said: **The girl's actions were disgusting, but the author who made the video is even more disgusting! Does he see this as a show? ***

More users pointed the finger at the girl's mother.

What is this mom? Raising devilish children! ***

You're so cruel at such a young age that you don't know what you're going to do when you grow up! This is parental negligence! ***

Netizen @ face with expression: ** Like daughter, like mother, is her mother usually like this to her daughter? ***

Animal Cruelty to Bears is a growing problem, and if left untreated as a child, the consequences are endless.

Many people as children have all kinds of abuse of small animals, but ** most people will grow up to feel that their practice back then is very cruel,** see others abuse animals, will lash out to stop.

As one user said: "I like to play with ants when I was a child, I think it's very interesting, grow up to understand, that is also a live life ah! Now buy a fish can not even bear.

A senior student at a university in Shandong Province, Fan Mou, caught the school's stray cats, ** with a variety of extremely cruel means of abuse live cats, but also filmed as a cat abuse video on the Internet, widely sold, **.
In two months, more than 80 cats were poisoned by him, and no one survived.

After being exposed, Mr. Fan issued an apology on social media platforms, and the school promised to deal with it seriously. But the outrage was so great that many people condemned it: ** Is this child's repentance genuine? You're afraid you won't get your diploma, right? ***

Cat abuse incidents occur from time to time, mostly in the form of an apology to the parties hastily ended, because there is no clear legal order, animal abuse will not have any legal sanctions, so the public can only make the moral level of condemnation just.

** Bear parents spoiled bear cubs, bear cubs grow up to become adult bears, adult bears become elderly bears, "bear people" has become a social nuisance,** tracing the roots of the problem is still out of education.

Why on earth do children take pleasure in abusing animals? Psychologists: Bears are the victims

There is a typical example from the TV show "ER Doctor" that explains this problem.

A mother took her son, who had a fever, for a checkup and there was no problem.

The child saw a "little Jon" leaping out of the corner of the table and immediately stomped it to death.

The perceptive doctor found cat scratch marks on his body and determined that it was a bacterial infection causing cat scratch disease.

The boy said: ** Grandma said, "Cats have nine lives. **

Doctors say: ** How do you know if a cat has nine lives if you don't kill it once? So, not only did he play with cats, but he abused them, and he tried to kill them. **

The doctor was even more certain that the child had serious psychological problems, and that the mother was at the root of it all.

The doctor said to the mother: "What the child imitates is often the person closest to him, from the moment I came in.
** Have you ever said a good word? You keep yelling, or you raise your hand and hit, and you're violent yourself. So it's not the child who should be seeing a doctor, it's you. **

Some psychologists have explained that bears who abuse animals are often motivated by the following three psychological factors, all stemming from a lack of parental education

**1) Using animals as venting tools**

Parents are a child's first imitators, parents are violent, children are unlikely to be gentle, and children are in a constant state of wary, nervous, insecure anxiety.
** will bury this stress response in the subconscious mind and take out inner fears by abusing small animals. **

**2) Desire to win parental attention**

When parents do not give their children enough attention and always treat them with neglect, indifference, and alienation, children will try to get their parents' attention. An intelligent child will realize that by doing the right thing, the good thing, the parents won't care about him.
** Parents will only pay attention to themselves if they do something wrong, something out of the ordinary and dangerous** So some children beg for attention and love by abusing animals.

**3) Satisfying an inner desire for control**

The child who has no voice in the home, who is in a vulnerable position, and who feels that he or she is not in control, ** has a sense of emptiness and a strong desire to be in control. **
Children cannot control their parents, but can only turn to their own psychological needs to be met through the control of small animals. Like the college student who **wants to be seen abusing cats as a way to show off his abilities**.
** Misinterpreting the animal's fear and scream as submission to itself, or even as worship. **

Jack Ma appeals to children's education: "love of business" is the first of the four quotients, giving children a beautiful spiritual world.

Jack Ma in ** "back to ** ** classroom "** speech called for child education, the main four quotient - ** love quotient, emotional intelligence, reverse quotient, intelligence quotient. **

Among them, Jack Ma emphasized the "love of business", the love of business as the first of the four businesses, and said ** the future of society, love of business is a must to walk the world. ** A person who does not have a loving heart is not acceptable to society.

As parents, we should shape a beautiful spiritual world for our children. It is good to have more contact with small animals when they are young, but it is important to
**Through the companionship of animals, children develop the ability to empathize with others, learn to value other beings, respect others, and learn to consider the other person's feelings from their point of view, whether they are human or animal. **

 
        