---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: c64becb6c14e70dd8ffa6d67bb31d893
summary:
- One of the charms of Poodles is their distinctive hair, which, when paired with
  their cute faces, attracts many dog owners.
- However, as Poodles age, their hair gradually turns white and dry.
- If this is the case with your poodle's hair, you've done a good job, as it proves
  that the poodle has lived to a ripe old age with your care.
tags:
- poodle
- poodles
- dogs
title: ' The 5 most obvious phenomena of aging in a poodle are the ones that owners
  need to take care of, and they can give it a few more years of life! '
---

 Dogs, no matter how cute they are, will one day grow old, and pet owners should not let go.

However, if you can change the pace of your dog's life as soon as you see him getting older, you'll be able to keep him alive for a long time.

If you have a poodle, how can you tell if your poodle is getting old? Let's tell you about it here, so that you can pay attention to it.

1. Weight loss

Dogs peak between the ages of five and eight, then their body functions decline and their metabolism slows with age.

Poodles are not immune to this problem, as their metabolism decreases, causing their teeth to loosen, which in turn leads to a decrease in their appetite.

Poodles eat very little, and as a result, when they age, they will eat even less, and how will they gain weight?

The owner has to feed the poodle a small amount of nutritious food, or else they will suffer.

2. Sudden growling

If this happens to even the most sensible poodle, please ask the pet owner not to scold them, but to love them more.

This is because sudden growling usually occurs in dogs with dementia, especially at night, when the poodle with dementia will growl even more.

At this point there is little chance of a cure, and the owner can only be understanding and protective of the poodle. Since dementia-afflicted poodles are prone to falling, getting lost, and doing silly things, they can't help it, so a loving owner is the best thing that can happen to them.

3. Physical deterioration

Aging Poodles are inevitably more likely to become ill because their immune system has been reduced and they are more likely to be exposed to inflammation and germs.

In addition, the Poodle's already narrow trachea makes it more difficult for them to breathe, so some older Poodles experience shortness of breath.

To make matters worse, the reduced physical ability to digest enzymes also results in reduced digestive capacity, so vomiting and diarrhea are less common.

4. Decreased senses

Dogs actually have good senses, which give them excellent motor skills.

The same is true for poodles, as their good senses give them a sensible appearance and a well-behaved posture. As they age, however, their senses deteriorate, and they may even lose one of their senses.

Hearing, sight, and smell are the most affected, which means that the poodle may not hear the owner's call, may not see the owner in front of him, and may not smell the food in the owner's hand.

The owner should not ask the poodle to behave too well, as long as they are in good health.

5. The hair turns white and dry

One of the charms of Poodles is their distinctive hair, which, when paired with their cute faces, attracts many dog owners.

However, as Poodles age, their hair gradually turns white and dry. The hair from the mouth to the eyes is the first to turn white, with some graying on the rest of the body.

The term "drying out" is easy to understand and means that the poodle's hair no longer looks comfortable, but rather has a feeling of seeming lack of moisture.

There is no solution, but to groom the poodle's hair and improve circulation. Be sure to feed your poodle some food that will help his metabolism, but don't force him to eat it if he doesn't want to.

If this is the case with your poodle's hair, you've done a good job, as it proves that the poodle has lived to a ripe old age with your care.

So, if you are going to look at the aging of your poodle, just make sure you do it right, and be there for them for the rest of their lives, it will be worth their while.

 
        