---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: cb910a701601ceda9a4849fa6c73551d
summary:
- The owner of the golden retriever, Mr. Wang, told reporters that his 70-year-old
  parents in the course of the dispute both sickness hospitalized, and the incident
  so far, the owner of the poodle and his family never apologized to himself and his
  parents, also from the future hospital to see his parents.
tags:
- mr
- retriever
- dogs
title: ' Shunde Longjiang Poly Man Killed Golden Retriever Poodle Owner Detained '
---

 In the past few years, the government has been trying to improve the quality of life for the people of Hong Kong.

The owner of the golden retriever, Mr. Wang, told reporters that his 70-year-old parents in the course of the dispute both sickness hospitalized, and the incident so far, the owner of the poodle and his family never apologized to himself and his parents, also from the future hospital to see his parents.

Poodle bitten to death Golden Retriever beaten to death by dog owners

On the morning of June 24, Mr. Wang's father went downstairs to walk his dog, a 7-year-old golden retriever, in a small neighborhood in Shunde, Foshan City, as usual. After the walk, the old man combed the golden retriever's hair with a comb he had brought with him. At that moment, a man came over with an off-leash poodle.

The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services, including a full range of products and services, and a wide range of products and services. The other side of the poodle suddenly rushed forward, the family's golden retriever also leaped out from behind Mr. Wang's father, "my father was trying to hold the dog, but the golden retriever is very large my father did not hold", Mr. Wang said, but a couple of seconds, the golden retriever bit the poodle to death.

The poodle's owner was furious when his dog was suddenly bitten to death. The company has a long history of developing new products and services, and the company has a long history of developing new products and services.

"The first thing you need to do is to take the dog out of the car," said Mr. Wang. A video taken from above shows an old man in white holding a golden retriever, while a man in gray keeps throwing objects at the retriever". Mr. Wang said the man repeatedly hit the dog and still didn't stop, and when his father saw how badly the golden retriever was beaten, he let go of the rope and let the dog run away.

The poodle's owner saw the dog coming back and then picked up a wooden stick to chase the golden retriever again until the golden retriever was killed.

The sister of the dog beater: The golden retriever jumped on the poodle first and denied beating the old man.

After the video was released, it was reported that the Golden Retriever jumped on the Poodle to protect its owner, and that two elderly people who were with the Golden Retriever at the time were injured and hospitalized by the Poodle's owner.

In an interview with the media, He Mou, the sister of the poodle's owner, said that her brother was taking the dog out of the basement to go to work, and the golden retriever came out of nowhere and bit the poodle. The poodle, which they have kept for nearly 10 years, has a deep affection for the dog, and after seeing the dog bitten to death, the brother lost control of his emotions and chose to fight the dog, but did not beat the two elderly. Ms. He said, pending the results of the police investigation, the responsibility they will not shirk, but the golden retriever owners of some false statements, they will also be held accountable.

On the 27th, after several days of contact, Mr. Wang went to Mr. He's home and filmed the meeting. In the past few years, there have been a number of cases where people have been using the same tools to beat their dogs, such as umbrellas, jacks and sticks.

The owner of the poodle never apologized for the elderly man's fall and hospitalization.

Mr. Wang's father, 73 years old, suffers from hypertension, and was sent to the hospital for treatment of elevated blood pressure after the incident. His 70-year-old mother, on the other hand, fell down during the chase, and the report provided by Mr. Wang from the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangdong Medical University showed that her mother had a bulging disc and was still hospitalized, spending more than 15,000 yuan on medical treatment.

Mr. Wang said that although the owner of the poodle did not beat the elderly directly, the two elderly people were hospitalized because of the violent incident. The poodle owner has not apologized for the incident, and has never visited the two elderly people in the hospital.

Golden Retriever Owner Calls for Civilized Dog Ownership

On June 29, Shunde District Public Security Bureau reported that on the morning of June 28, the Longjiang Police Station summoned a suspect, He Mumin, to the police station. The first thing you need to do is to take a look at a few of the items on the list. At present, He Mumin has been criminally detained in accordance with the law, and the police are stepping up their investigation of the case.

Mr. Wang told reporters that he has commissioned a lawyer to deal with the matter and refused to settle the matter privately. "The company's main business is the development of a new product, which will be introduced to the market in the near future.

The "Golden Retriever killed alive" incident triggered widespread discussion, there are also some of the network violence against poodle dog owners, this, Mr. Wang said he was unprepared for the network reaction, his own demands have never been network violence, but hope that the dog owners can be civilized dog, more violent means to resolve the contradictions and conflicts in dog ownership. The original title: Foshan man killed a golden retriever.

The original title: Foshan man killed a golden retriever Golden Retriever owner: parents are hospitalized, the other side never apologized.

Editor：Lili Zheng

 
        