---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: cf4421d707b2eed410e849d30c551de9
summary:
- In a video released by the Division last week, the bridge has been put into service
  to help wildlife such as moose, porcupines, deer and black bears safely cross the
  busy highway.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- wildlife
- report
- reportedly
title: ' A state builds an "animal overpass" to protect wildlife on the highway (Figure) '
---

 2020-11-28 13:15:06 Source: Overseas.com

Report

  

Utah State Government's "Animal Crossover" (Social Media)

**Overseas.com, November 28, 2011**.
According to CNN (CNN) local time on the 27th, the Utah state government has built a wildlife "overpass" in order to protect local wildlife and reduce the risk of wildlife encountering traffic accidents on the highway. The bridge has reportedly seen initial results in a short period of time.

  

Wildlife crossing an overpass (video clip)  

The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources reportedly began construction in 2018 on the bridge, which will be located on a local interstate highway to reduce wildlife-induced traffic accidents near Pare Canyon. In a video released by the Division last week, the bridge has been put into service to help wildlife such as moose, porcupines, deer and black bears safely cross the busy highway.

  

Black bear on the bridge (video clip)

The access road is covered with a variety of rocks and logs to attract animals, and is a clever replacement for the highway. The bridge is reportedly scheduled to be operational in 2019, and state officials, who thought it would take years for the bridge to be put to real use, have been pleasantly surprised by the results. (Overseas.com)
(Wang Xiaoyu)

Editor：Wang Xiaoyu, Zhang Ni

  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        