---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: d026b4eff9b3debcd1231bb0015582661a42129e
summary:
- This dog owner usually do not take out to go shopping, just walk around the house,
  and the people nearby are used to the dog's ugly, so we do not care, if you go outside,
  it can be different.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- owner
- seen
- ugly
title: ' The ugliest dog in the dog world, with a face so ugly that no one dared to
  go near it! '
---

 2020-11-27 16:01:32 Source: Abdominal Tearer's Week

Report

  

I've seen ugly dogs, I've never seen such an ugly dog, they say bulldogs are already very ugly, but after seeing this dog, I found that bulldogs are already quite beautiful dogs, this dog is dark and ugly.

  

Of course, although this dog is very ugly, the owner also likes it, so he likes its ugliness.

  

Everyone's interest is different, although the dog is ugly, but still acceptable range, unlike some people have pigs as pets, that is really a bit unbearable, after all, the dog is still man's best friend.

  

This dog owner usually do not take out to go shopping, just walk around the house, and the people nearby are used to the dog's ugly, so we do not care, if you go outside, it can be different.

  

The dog is ugly, but it is very cute, and the dog is quite happy, after all, there is a loving owner, and these dogs are born this way, in their own eyes, they are not ugly.

  

This dog in the dog world, indeed, ugly invincible. This scene spread online, netizens also said: this dog is really too ugly, there is no one more ugly than it exists. The netizens, have you ever seen a dog uglier than it?

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        