---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: d1c50ed70759ef52cec8d504112a5657d52b84d5
summary:
- It's a lot of fun to have a cat, and when you get home, you can see it lively running
  towards you, no matter what time it is, you will have such a cute little angel to
  accompany you, I also have a nutritious diet with cat food and cat snacks and some
  food, the little guy is healthy and lively, but, raising a cat is also more expensive
  than expected, I originally thought that raising a cat, only two hundred dollars
  a month cat food money, after five months of raising found that.
tags:
- cat
- little
- good
title: ' Owning a cat is a lot of fun, but it''s also more expensive than you might
  think! '
---

 2020-11-27 16:47:19 Source: What the hell is history?

Report

Owning a cat is a lot of fun, but it's also more expensive than you might think!

It's a lot of fun to have a cat, and when you get home, you can see it lively running towards you, no matter what time it is, you will have such a cute little angel to accompany you, I also have a nutritious diet with cat food and cat snacks and some food, the little guy is healthy and lively, but, raising a cat is also more expensive than expected, I originally thought that raising a cat, only two hundred dollars a month cat food money, after five months of raising found that. How come it costs an average of a thousand a month because of it? The money was spent without realizing it. Vaccines, neutering, deworming, cat food, freeze-drying, toys, cat litter, cat scratching board, nail clippers, water bowl, food bowl, cat toilet and air box are necessary.

  

Then I had to wash countless sheets, throw away two new blankets, and both my boyfriend and I had rabies vaccinations. He accidentally scratched his eyeballs, and the medical fees for the physical examination when he first bought the cat, and the medical fees for the Malassezia infection. My cat is quite good and in good health, but he has only had ear infections and no other illnesses.

  

A few days coughing a few times, worried me badly, asked the doctor to check and prescribe medicine to 600 +, wallet deflated I choose to observe two more days, if serious, then go to the hospital, fortunately, then it will get well. My cat is a good boy and will not scratch me on purpose, even if I get angry and beat him up, he has never hurt me. It will come to me at the door after work, begging for a hand job, and every once in a while it will come to me for a hand job, and it is relatively healthy, not picky about food and not very sick. It's also a good idea to use a little bit of the same old stuff that you're used to. But, it is such a small cat, it will still poop not buried, with poop to bed, not allowed to wipe the bottom, bed wetting.

  

In short, the most important thing you need to be prepared for when you have a cat is that you have to know that you are paying for a responsibility, not a toy, and that you need to keep investing money and energy in it. If you have the confidence to face and solve the above problems, then congratulations, you are ready to become a shovel, hurry up to claim your master home.

  

Special Note: The content above (including pictures and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        