---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: d2fb8bcd1b17cb89cc2607352408ece3
summary:
- From the wild dog music capsule with advertising songs independently registered
  in major music festivals, wild dog search light film seven seasons, to wild dog
  IP trendy play plan, offline wild island commercial art exhibition, W has been constantly
  in various fields to practice the philosophical thinking of enterprise management
  projection, the harvest is a new scene, bilateral traffic, beyond the media content
  and advertising industry, but also beyond the traditional brand name playing method.
tags:
- new
- w
- content
title: ' New scenes and such are weak? Let [UNK] Wild Dog tell you a little secret! '
---

 Wang Yi, Founder of the 10 Billion Dollar Institute, Executive Director of Xi Guan Capital

Preface: This article began in late 2018, when China's economy was in a state of crisis due to trade between the U.S. and China, capital chill in the primary market, and shrinking budgets for brand owners. When people forwarded the "2019 Advertising Agency Transformation Plan," they asked, "In 2019, when people are tightening their belts, what is the way forward for advertising agencies?" In the past few years, China's capital market has entered an era of credit and monetary easing.

In 2019, China's capital market has entered the era of credit easing and monetary easing, MSCI has increased China's secondary market equity index to 20% weighting, the government has strongly launched the board, and the tax reduction policy for small and medium-sized enterprises, and so on, making everyone see the light at the end of the tunnel. Looking at the world, China has become the largest economy with the most new economic momentum, and the deleveraged world is bound to usher in a new round of capital bull momentum.

On the way to the future of the world, we see technology on the left and cultural creation on the right. We are not sure how crazy the world will be when AI develops to the extreme, but what we can be sure of is that human beings will always be moved by a dream and pay for high spiritual and civilized entertainment. What kind of new-age culture do young people really need, and what kind of dream does W Wild Dog have that will make young people who want to enter the advertising industry flock to it and lead the advertising industry to the end of the wild flower? In the midst of the industry's collective anxiety, what kind of charisma and strength does the W Wild Dog have to create the most popular NIKE in the industry?
WOMEN #whatever the score#, WOLFGANG #you'll get wolf claws sooner or later#, NEW BALANCE
#W wild dog's #instinctive heart #strategy, what kind of new economy, new scenario and business logic in the era of media traffic does it indicate?

We are proud, but we are definitely not disengaged!

We are independent, but we are definitely not alone!

The wild dog, always running.

### I. Who is the decathlon W. Wild Dog?

After Chinese New Year 2019, we all witnessed Nike with our WeChat circle of friends.
Women's #whatever the score is #2019 new social marketing series, is from W Wild Dog. With three female spokespersons to pay back prejudice with action, with profound brand and social marketing insights, from online and offline to seamlessly link consumers outside of the new game, to restore the appearance of living as a good advertising, its small program social team game swept the whole network crazy praise, the user hailed as the most combustion point advertising in the beginning of the year.

Durex, which has always been known for its social media properties, is again the first choice for its new product line in 2019, the W Wild Dog. In the past, W Wild Dog created #you'll have wolf claws sooner or later# for German sports brand WOLFSKIN, #every step counts# for New Balance, music and MV series with Lee Chong Sheng, then locked the new running shoes produced by EVA super IP in Japan, and #can't really kick# music and MV series for TIMBERLAND, all of which are classics that are both popular and successful! A textbook case. In China's new economy of the Internet, such as the bouncy car, Tencent patty loan, can be W wild dog and the brand's # co-branding # concept landing, that is, with the top IP design, joint hip games, variety and other all-round content form of joint venture, can be the innovative pioneer of the advertising industry and content entertainment.

The latest Nike #Just do it# 2019 "What's the point of caring" by W wild dog

So far, the self-described wild dog W is more like an "Internet company" that can think and act in a harmonious way, with a "hypermedia" development strategy, the wild dog chess game to music, art, exhibition, film, variety, hip game, fashion, comics, sports, and other media. Interactive, products, concerts, game development, online education and other fields.

We can't help but ask, what is the motivation for W, which has received 586 top domestic and international awards in just 3 years?

If it is said that W has completed the 30-year journey of 4A companies in three years, it is better to say that the times make the heroes. It is because W caught the change of the Internet content convergence industry a priori, and its strategy and practice of hypermedia content has led Wild Dog to break through, expanded its business lines, landed on the new battlefield first, and led China's entire advertising industry to upgrade to version 3.0, and in the geographic map of clients. It opens up to the world stage.

**If we say that this is a crossover, we should say that Wandoo is using the "instinctive heart" theory to consistently create a new form of online and offline entertainment content that carries all the forms of future advertising, creating a new media content and channel model that straddles the two worlds of advertising and entertainment. **

Looking back over the past three years, we can say that W has left a mark on the history of advertising and Internet content entertainment. More importantly, W has created a new and far-reaching paradigm of communication in the commercial and civilizational world, setting a benchmark in the entertainment content marketing and advertising industry.

Take a peek at W's first.

In addition to W's first, W has more unique.  

&gt; W is the only ad agency with a following for C-suite multimedia content.
&gt;
&gt; W is the only advertising agency that creates and distributes entertainment content, such as songs, radio media publications, and more.
&gt;
&gt; W is the only advertising agency that does offline exhibitions in trendy shopping malls and attracts many big brands such as NEW BALANCE and UBS to pay for the exhibition and gain 300,000+ offline visitors.
&gt;
&gt; W is the only agency to receive 40+ of the top awards in advertising in 2017.
&gt;
&gt; W led the establishment of CIA China Independent Creative Alliance to lead the advertising industry to upgrade and cultivate young talents.
&gt;
&gt; W is the only Chinese independent creative agency to win an award at the Cannes Lions Advertising Festival.

In summary, this is the tip of W's achievements in the past three years.

### 2. Cross-border robbery, blurring boundaries: content-based advertising, entertainment-based content.

Advertising and entertainment have dramatically accelerated their meltdown after the media catalysts and 4A's disintegrated and sank - changing into a trend of advertising content and advertising content entertainment. Industry boundaries are increasingly blurred, but regardless, quality content is a constant throughout the economic cycle.

**The decline of traditional advertising and the bottleneck of recreational content media have given rise to new forms of advertising**.

&gt;
&gt; It is true that the media are leading the way and at the same time facing a crisis of decline, but there is no contradiction between the two, because it is a natural selection of information in the process of sharing. When the information carried by anything grows to its fullest, it becomes the information itself, for example, you don't ask, "Have you read the news? Instead of saying, "Have you been tweeting?" When the peak of communication reaches this "degree," there will be "excess," and new forms of media and new trends will emerge.

--Li Sanshui, creator of W.

Both ends of the marketing industry [content and technology] format segmentation model.

On the content production side, the current cross-border and operation mode transformation of media content is mostly catalyzed by capital, which has quickly transformed into an Internet-based senior editorial department and variety department. Most of the media IP companies are facing higher challenges in terms of content and operation mode.

### What is the new form of the species that will adapt to the drastic changes in the future?

The phenomena of industry change are colorful, and there is only one truth behind them all: **The backward productive forces cannot meet the current production relations***.
As mentioned above, the boundaries between the internetization of entertainment content and advertising and marketing have been blurred. As mentioned above, the boundaries between the internetization of entertainment content and advertising and marketing have long been blurred, and these two forces have intersected like a volcanic eruption in the underlying landscape, giving rise to a new industry model. As a result, everyone is looking for new ways to enter the content media and interact with brands.

Whether it's big or light production, whether it's the entertainment industry with its own content or the advertising industry with its custom content, both sides are moving toward the middle. This trend means that if advertising agencies are not content-oriented or capable of 2C, the added value of being a planner or media agency will become less and less. And if content production companies cannot overcome the creativity and traffic bottlenecks of multiple content formats, then the marginal benefits of production will always be limited.

With 4A advertising agencies' obsolete forms declining like the sunset of the Qing Dynasty, where is the next content marketing and advertising format?

As AI evolves and new content and channels on the Internet emerge, where do the 3 million unemployed advertisers go from here?

When society no longer trusts advertising and no longer cares about the advertising consensus, where is the high quality and enlightening new media content?

Behind the various cross-border business formats, there is a need for operators who break through the discontinuity curve and have a forward-looking industry vision and deep thinking.

### The spiritual inspiration and industry unlocking of W Wild Dogs

The founder, Mr. Li Sanshui, took the lead in proposing the value of "not as a creative, but as a creator" at the very beginning of Wild Dog's establishment, overturning the advertising industry's shortcomings of being a program execution competition and relationship channel, and carrying out the mission of "Community of Destiny". W's success not only confirms its advanced vision of the "hypermedia" strategy, but also echoes the rise of China's Internet media IP era and its gradual integration.

From the wild dog music capsule with advertising songs independently registered in major music festivals, wild dog search light film seven seasons, to wild dog IP trendy play plan, offline wild island commercial art exhibition, W has been constantly in various fields to practice the philosophical thinking of enterprise management projection, the harvest is a new scene, bilateral traffic, beyond the media content and advertising industry, but also beyond the traditional brand name playing method.

### V. What has W Wild Dog revolutionized? The #hypermedia #strategy and #IP co-branding #reshape business culture and communication.

****

**The songs of Wild Dog Street Sound, Wild Dog Close and Sing to the Future commercial of #Wild Dog Music Pod# have been released on online and offline music platforms and have become hits**.

The song "Back to the Sea", created by W. Wild Dog, was purchased by the Internet as the ending song for the popular documentary "Women of the Sea", the film and song series "Our Story Never Began with Money" for Pudong Development Bank, and the song for NEW!
BALANCE invited Li Zongsheng to compose "Every Step Counts", which has been brushed off by QQ music, Netease cloud music, Weibo and other networks. These good works, which have both brand reputation and spread heartily, have received spontaneous messages and spread by W. Wild Dog's fans, and there are more than 50 similar independently produced music works. As a full A+ grade, the W Wild Dog Music Pod not only makes original music works to a professional level, but also plays the role of an independent publisher to land jingles in the Simple Life Festival, Strawberry Music Festival, Taobao Festival, Wild Island, etc., and holds its own offline concert, #Wild Dog Street Sounds!
#Wild dog closed #, multiple scenarios to create synergistic traffic for brands and wild dogs, creating a new realm of music content and music marketing.

&gt; Make rich brands interesting
&gt;
&gt; Make money for interesting musicians
&gt;
&gt; Become a Creator on the Side
&gt;
&gt; Creative Crossover Lifestyle

W is also the only advertising agency to sign with Sony Music.

#Wild Dog #concert &amp; #anytime wild dog #concert &amp; Qingdao Cultural Creative Festival* W Wild Dog Music Pods

**IP to be made: The #Wild Dog Tidal Wave Play Cabin #Common Label Tidal Play Project**  

Wild dogs created for the brand of patacredit lightweight H5 interactive fighting game "small town heroes versus the north" harvested the hearts of small town youths struggling in first-tier cities. At the same time, W # wild dog hip-play cabin #, for the auction loan to create a new 10 exclusive customized "north and small town heroes" hip-play, into the brand IP and W wild dog spirit in the product, the rest for the little fat goat landing hip-play and more series will be landing.

**W Wild Dog's #fruitdog #plan**

In addition to the commercial market, W Wild Dog IP #Fruit Dog #series, and a Shanghai district government jointly launched the W Wild Dog mask.

From the wild dog #007 # first Internet bicycle, after a year of testing the water did not stop, will be more landing for the trendy play, mask and co-branded production of peripheral derivatives, the future will be in the W and the brand's co-construction of channels, for fans of common sale.

**IP to be filmed: W # wild dog seeking light # movie: **

**As an all-around top student, W naturally makes movies not just for fun, but also accidentally starts to alienate from the TVC into a serious movie-making dream**.
W has also exhibited at ADFEST (working with director Du Zhongkun and photographer Li Muguang on the 6th season of #Wild Dog Search #Wild Dogs, appearing on stage at ADFEST with the world's top advertising agencies, directing studios and production companies).

From the earliest Hong Kong-style street film "Wild Dog 007" for W and 700BIKE, to "Our Story Never Began with Money" for the credit card of Pudong Development Bank, to "The Secret of Money" with Moneybag, and "Spiritual Wild Island" for people who have given up halfway to land on their own island. "In the past two years, the matrix of W Wild Dog's search for light film has become clearer and clearer.

The community of destiny that W. Wild Dog is pursuing is not a "believer" or "tourist", but a true heart for heart fellow traveler, W. Wild Dog.
Each of the productions so far has been the result of a lot of hard work, regardless of cost, to create a series of high-quality, high-production and cross-border creations. In the future, W will also develop more comprehensively like internationalization, and will join forces with more directors and production company resources to increase W's international influence with international-level production and operation models.
In the future, W will also join forces with more directors and production companies to increase its international influence with world-class production and operation mode ** and the strategic cooperation with Elephant View and Crow Films in March 2018 will bring more prospects for independent distribution of W's film works and new forms of film content marketing **.

When an advertising agency's film format meets a professional player in the film industry, in a market environment where the old path has been deserted, it will gather light and explore new paths. Let ads be shown on demand, and movies be advertised.

**IP to be played out offline: #Wild Island# of commercial art IP exhibition**.

While IP operating companies are still stuck in transporting large IPs and artworks such as King of Thieves and Jumanji into commercial spaces, W Wild Dog's #Wild Island #Project has already landed in Shanghai Joy City in 2017, bringing 33 domestic and foreign first-tier brands (Pufa credit card, NewBalance, Fanta, etc.) to take the lead in creating new ways of playing in the content world.
**Quadripartite win-win business model**.

Creating new fusion scenes for the brand, attracting traffic to the commercial space, creating new ways of entertainment for users, and creating wild island exhibition IP for wild dogs has brought a 35% increase in sales to the mall during the same period, while also making the brand, the space, and the wild island art exhibition memorable for fans.

&gt;
&gt; An advertising agency has the ability to work with a mall in the heart of a bustling downtown shopping district in a top tier city to create a commercial art show with its own IP content and occupy all of the mall's space for up to a month. In advertising, no party B has done it. W used a new curatorial mindset to create a unique commercial art show. In addition to the unique characteristics of W's own wild dog culture, it also contains the potential of this original commercial art exhibition model, which can be unleashed in the marketing field.

--W Founder Li Sanshui

Wild Island IP as W
        