---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: d6113fbb7302329d085fc8a1d35867ea
summary:
- I'm sure many people love the Beagle's big ears, and there doesn't seem to be a
  more attractive dog than the Pug, except for the Pugido.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the self-media platform "NetEase", and this platform only
  provides information storage services.'
tags:
- beagle
- beagles
- ears
title: ' Beagle breeders should be cautious, these "6 major injuries", I believe only
  people who have owned a Beagle understand! '
---

 2020-11-20 11:55:22 Source: Mommy's Classroom

Report

The Beagle, also known as the Miguelu Hound, is an excellent working dog and family companion, with an easy-going, gentle and well-behaved personality that is loved by many families. However, the Beagle should be kept with caution, because it has a lot of disadvantages, and you will feel very annoyed if you keep it, so let's take a look at it.

  
Harm 1. Easily disturbing.  

But as a pet dog, especially in an apartment setting, it can be a nuisance and be the subject of complaints from neighbors. It is better not to have this kind of dog if it affects the surrounding neighbors.

  
Harm 2、It is easy to have body odor  

I'm sure many people love the Beagle's big ears, and there doesn't seem to be a more attractive dog than the Pug, except for the Pugido. However, due to its large, often sagging ears, it is very prone to ear mites, and the ears are a very neglected part of the dog when owners clean them, so if they are not cleaned regularly, they are prone to ear disease and can emit foul odors.

  
Damage 3, incredibly destructive  

Beagles are truly adorable, and how many people are fooled by their appearance and end up unprepared for the bumpy road of breeding! After breeding, you will find that the Beagle is incredibly destructive, biting anything it is interested in, most notably garbage cans. The Beagle's teeth are so sharp that there is nothing it can't bite, nothing it can't break.

  
Damage 4. High energy  

Don't look at the Beagle's small size, but it belongs to the beagle, energy is very strong, go out to play, you play tired of it will not get tired, if no one stays at home every day to play with it, it will turn into a demolition expert, so usually must take the Beagle out more exercise, with some small snacks training, food it will be happy to cooperate with you.

  
Hurt 5, easy to get lost  

Beagles are very curious and they love to follow the trail of scents. When the Beagle smells a scent of interest, he is immediately attracted to it, following his nose rather than responding to his owner's requests and directions, so he can easily get lost.

  
Injury 6. Very greedy  

The Beagle's disobedience is not only in playing, but also in eating. To put it simply, the Beagle is a complete "snack", a glutton and a good eater, no matter how much it is given, it will eat everything, which will easily lead to obesity and gastrointestinal diseases. The food should be fed regularly.

  
  

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the self-media platform "NetEase", and this platform only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        