---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: d9acc3609458ada70a0dc457e3bc952b
summary:
- Article 1247 Where the breeding of dangerous animals such as strong dogs is prohibited
  and causes damage to others, the animal breeder or manager shall bear the tort liability.
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- animals
title: ' Who is responsible for the death of 150 chickens, ducks, geese and ducks
  by 2 dogs? '
---

 # 2 dogs killed 150 chickens, ducks and geese.

2020-11-26 16:26 Source: Breaking News - Breaking News - Politics

In rural areas

Many people like to have dogs.

Used as a "house keeper"

Dogs are more humane though.

But injuries do happen.

Dogs biting poultry is a common occurrence.

In the event of such an event

How should I be compensated?

Basic facts

In February 2020, Quanzhou County, a township in Quanzhou County, more than dog bites chicken and ducks, villagers will squat in the chicken farm, and then found the dog to bite the chicken, so the dog tracked to the Wen Mou home, after the villagers reported, the police processing, the organization of the two sides to negotiate unsuccessfully, then Wen Mou will sell the dog and does not admit that he is the dog, so the village Zhong Mou, He Mou and other 8 people will v. Wen Mou to Quanzhou County. The court required the dog owner, Wen, to bear the liability and compensate Zhong Mou, He Mou and 8 other people for the economic loss of 150 chickens, ducks and geese totaling 15,200 yuan.

The court held that

The defendant is the breeder or manager of the dog, and he is the owner of the dog. According to common sense, the defendant should be the breeder or manager of the dog, and according to the police station law enforcement recorder video shows, the defendant Wen Mou to the dog by the fact of its breeding did not deny, also recognized the dog on February 24, the fact that the chicken bite to death, so the court found that the dog on February 24 dog bites the chicken is the defendant's dog. And identified by the villagers, a few times before the dog and the February 24 chicken dog bite the same two dogs, for the defendant bred a black dog, a yellow dog. And the defendant as the two dog breeders, failed to do the corresponding management responsibilities, shall bear the corresponding liability. The plaintiff claims that according to the market price of 100 yuan/chicken, duck, goose 175 yuan/goose to compensate for its economic losses, but consider the different size of the chicken, duck and goose, and other factors, need to approve their losses.

The court ruled that

The defendant Mr. Wen paid 13,680 yuan to Mr. Zhong, Mr. He and other 8 people as compensation.

Legal Links

Article 78 of the Tort Liability Law of the People's Republic of China: Where the breeding of animals causes damage to others, the breeder or manager shall bear the tort liability, but if it can be proved that the damage is caused by intentional or gross negligence of the tortfeasor, the liability can be waived or reduced.

January 1, 2021.

The forthcoming Civil Code

Liability for Damage to Feeding Animals

There are also clear rules

The Civil Code

Article 1245 Where the breeding animals cause damage to others, the animal breeder or manager shall bear the tort liability; however, if it can be proved that the damage is caused by the infringed person intentionally or by gross negligence, the liability may be waived or reduced.

Article 1246
If the animal breeder or manager fails to take safety measures for the animal in violation of management regulations and causes damage to others, the animal breeder or manager shall bear the tort liability; however, if it can be proved that the damage is intentionally caused by the infringed person, the liability may be reduced.

Article 1247 Where the breeding of dangerous animals such as strong dogs is prohibited and causes damage to others, the animal breeder or manager shall bear the tort liability.

Keeping animals is a citizen's freedom

But the animals you keep hurt people.

You have to take responsibility for it.

There are a few other things that happen in life

For example, if you are walking a baby and hit your dog.

Zoo Animal Injuries

Stray dogs and cats that hurt people

Who should be held accountable?

The Civil Code

Article 1248 Where the animals of a zoo cause damage to others, the zoo shall bear tort liability; however, if it can prove that it has fulfilled its management responsibilities, it shall not bear tort liability.

Article 1249 Where an abandoned or escaped animal causes damage to others during the period of abandonment or escape, the original keeper or manager of the animal shall bear the tort liability.

Judges' Tips

The principle of no-fault liability applies to the damage caused by breeding animals. Therefore, in daily life, breeders need to be more restrained, never because the animal crosses the red line of the law, the loss does not outweigh the gain.

Dear Parents.

The Quanan County People's Court always adheres to the people-centered, mass satisfaction as the highest standard to measure the effectiveness of the work. If you approve of our work, one "satisfaction" is our inexhaustible motivation. If you have any suggestions on the style, efficiency, attitude and integrity of the Quanan County People's Court, please call Ganzhou Intermediate Court Opinion Acceptance Center Opinion Acceptance Hotline 0797-8312368. We look forward to your continued attention and support, we will continue to improve and provide you with quality judicial services.

Original title: "2 dogs biting 150 chickens, ducks and geese, who should take the responsibility?

Read the original article

Special Note

This article was uploaded and published by the author or organization on Pharma News, and represents the views of the author or organization, and does not represent the views or positions of Pharma News. Please visit http://renzheng.thepaper.cn to apply for PharmaTech.

## Comments ()

 
        