---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: daaa7d375dab41aa272e42c55298640d
summary:
- Last Saturday night, a pack of African wild dogs broke out of their enclosure at
  the West Midlands Safari Park and killed 16 sheep and deer at the zoo, including
  10 Persian fallow deer and six barbarian sheep, according to the British newspaper
  The Sun.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- keepers
title: ' Animal Ferocity: African Wild Dog Kills 16 Sheep and Deer in Night Attack '
---

 Last Saturday night, a pack of African wild dogs broke out of their enclosure at the West Midlands Safari Park and killed 16 sheep and deer at the zoo, including 10 Persian fallow deer and six barbarian sheep, according to the British newspaper The Sun.

When the keepers arrived at the scene of the incident, they were shocked by the bloodshed that had taken place.

A door separating the dogs from the other animals was blown down by high winds due to the storm of the century, and then 12 of the dogs ran into the living quarters of the other animals and carried out a horrific, dog-less slaughter.

Before the West Midlands Safari Park opened at 10 a.m. on Sunday, keepers tearfully herded the African wild dogs back into their cages and cleaned up the area. An insider revealed: "Everyone was particularly distressed to find so many dead or dying sheep and deer lying on the ground. There was blood everywhere and it was a total massacre. Wild dogs rushed in as soon as they realized the door had been damaged, creating a huge mess."

"The keepers went home after closing the cages on Saturday night and they didn't realize what had happened until they returned to the zoo on Sunday morning."

The pack of wild dogs killed all the animals in the enclosure, except for one deer and one sheep that survived.

According to the data, the African wild dog (which can run at speeds of up to 45 kilometers per hour) is an endangered species, and only about 5,000 wild African wild dogs remain in the world.

The zoo staff is currently reinforcing the gates and fences that keep the dogs and other animals away from the zoo. They have investigated the incident, but do not plan to change the way they care for the African wild dogs.

A West Midlands Safari Park spokesperson said: "Our staff are saddened by the personal bond that has been established with the animal."

In 2012, an African wild dog had crossed a fence into a lion's cage, only to be killed by a pack of lions.

 
        