---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: de8e6a684866d91f0abb180c10909e5a
summary: []
tags:
- cats
- cat
- nature
title: ' Cats are fierce too! A 4-ton wild elephant in Thailand broke into a residential
  area to steal food and was scared off by the roar of a pet cat. '
---

 2020-11-26 21:35:04 Source: Six Dimensions Nature

Report

In the food chain, **herbivores have an instinctive fear of carnivores**.
In general, herbivores will choose to hide when they encounter carnivores. The wild elephant is dozens of times the size of a pet cat, so is the pet cat too fierce, or is the wild elephant too alert?

  

Description: **The elephant is a wild male elephant**.
The elephant is also quite famous in the area, because at night, this elephant will go around breaking into people's homes, looking for food, the local residents can not do anything, because wild elephants are protected animals, can only notify the relevant authorities, to drive it into the jungle again, but can not harm the elephant.

  

This elephant may be used to breaking into people's homes to steal food, but this time it encountered a pet cat, which should have been afraid to hide because of the size difference, but in order to protect its territory, the pet cat dared to confront the elephant and even roared, preparing for a battle.
**The pet cat successfully chased away this 4-ton elephant**, and it's surprising that wild elephants are afraid of pet cats.

  

According to the pet cat's owner: the pet cat was originally a **stray cat***.
The cat's age is about 3 years old, and although it has changed from a stray cat to a pet cat, the cat's personality is still very fierce and territorial awareness is also very violent, from the pet cat fearlessly confronting the elephant, a giant, it can be seen that the pet cat does not like any animal trespassing on its territory, and the intruding animal will inevitably be chased away.

  

According to statistics: In Thailand, there are currently about 2000 elephants living in the wild and 2000 elephants in captivity, which has become one of the means of livelihood for many people.
** hunting wild elephants, is an illegal activity **, it will be punished.

  

  

4 tons of wild elephants were actually scared off by a pet cat, the power size is not at all on a level, many people want to know the reason, an analysis said: first of all, wild elephants are more vigilant personality, because elephants after all is a herbivore, and they analyze each other is not a threat, first of all, not from the size, but the smell, pet cats are small, but fierce personality, is also a predator, bravely Protecting their territory, becoming hostile to elephants, and preparing to attack them naturally creates an instinctive fear in the wary wild elephants, which eventually leads to the development of a new species.
**Wild elephants hide from this tiny predator**.

**Let nature take its course and know nature! ***

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        