---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: e51d8af6629b2221ac8c0957e5bc0a59
summary:
- My short legs that have nowhere to rest, when will I have a different dog life!
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- legs
title: ' You will never know what a short leg means to a dog. '
---

 2019-02-22 17:07:32 Source: Searchwood

Report

As a short-legged dog, there are too many regrets and too many wishes that cannot be fulfilled in this life.

First of all, not being able to experience the sense of accomplishment that jumping brings to a dog!

When you're camping with your buddies, running through the jungle, enjoying the summer breeze, it doesn't take long for you to discover a blow that's too much for a dog to handle. ......  

  

Dogs: I often feel out of place because my legs aren't long enough...

  

Every time I see those dogs showing off their free jumping obstacles in front of me, I cringe inside. I was crushed inside, so I swore to myself that I would never be allowed to jump again in my life.  

  

What do I need these four legs for!

  

As much as I've tried not to challenge the high things, this dog life isn't going to bypass me: ......

Who knows, how many times I've fallen?

  

It's so hard to make friends!

  

I have to be teased by the shovelers from time to time.

  

My short legs that have nowhere to rest, when will I have a different dog life!

  

If you are a small short legs, I advise you to accept the reality of it, after all, short legs is a hard injury, it is difficult to so quickly forget the New Year's embarrassing events during the period.

Just because of the short legs, down a step can fall into a New Year's pose, but also by the netizens with all kinds of jokes.

  

Who of you has ever understood the heart of a dog!

Dog: It's okay, it's okay, it won't happen again ......

  

Dog: It's not safe here, let's go down this way!

  

Dog: Look, I'll give you a handsome jump too.

  

Dog: It's not as high as it looks, why is it so hard to get up?

  

Dog: Absolutely no more falls, or else it's really disgraceful!

  

Dog: How come it's your long legs again, huh, not playing with you!

  

Dog: I failed 99 times, this time, I must succeed.

  

Hey, the life of a short-legged dog is really full of pain ......

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        