---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: e66dff6da1e94d43b73d0efec8818eb8784ce465
summary:
- With the increasingly systematic management of dogs in cities everywhere these days,
  Beagle barking can cause a lot of problems!
- But as a family dog, Beagles can also do a great job of searching out where you're
  hiding things!
tags:
- dogs
- dog
- beagles
title: ' I recently had the pleasure of hosting two surrogate Beagles and tell you
  what I know about Beagles! '
---

 As people's standard of living is getting better and better, the number of families with pet dogs is increasing, and lately I've been seeing postings/questions from people asking about Beagles.
It just so happens that recently I have received two surrogate training Beagles here, and I'll state in advance that I have no previous experience with breeding or training Beagles, and this is my first encounter with them, so today I'm going to talk about what I know about Beagles!

First of all, a little Internet research, all beagles have a first look! The Beagle's full name is the "Beagle Beagle".
The "Pine", an ancient breed of hunting dog, has the reputation of "moving like the wind and being as quiet as a pine"! He is cheerful, understanding, passionate, intelligent, and does not hold grudges! And the Beagle is the only dog with internal organs that closely resemble those of humans, so the Beagle has another identity, that of an experimental dog! Many physiological and medical experiments have to be validated on Beagles before they can be officially recognized!

The second one is the barking of the two Beagles that we have recently received, the first of which is the "jungle bell".
It has a reputation for being an early warning and reporting tool during hunting, but now, as a pet dog living in a crowded city, it is a real nuisance. With the increasingly systematic management of dogs in cities everywhere these days, Beagle barking can cause a lot of problems! And the Beagle's nerves are so sensitive that at the slightest movement, he will bark incessantly!

There's also the fact that Beagles are highly motivated and curious to hunt! The Beagle should never be pampered, otherwise the Beagle's ability to demolish homes will be no less than that of the "demolition captain".
! In addition, the Beagle has a strong hunting drive, so anything that moves in the house, especially small animals, is likely to be the Beagle's "hunting" target, and the Beagle is also a master rabbit hunter, so the skill of drilling holes is inherited. So don't ever think that Beagles are bullies!

And finally, the Beagle's sense of smell is quite acute! That's why it's also often used as a working dog for narcotics and explosives! But as a family dog, Beagles can also do a great job of searching out where you're hiding things! Plus, Beagles are quite greedy, and
There's no sense of hunger or satiety, so it's important to be careful with the goodies and even dog food you store at home! Otherwise, the Beagle's sensitive nose will find it at any moment, and another bite to eat will be nothing!

This article is purely the author's humble opinion, please bear with me if I am wrong! Focus on the JinWolf dog clothing, focus on domestic pet dogs, dog care from now on, life is easier!

 
        