---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: e7e3855c25ae0c80aea8f6ba24571889
summary:
- The new album, 'Hyena' (also known as 'Hyena' and 'Rich Debaters'), is a new movie
  by Jang Tae Yoo from 'You from the Stars' and features Kim Hye Soo and Joo Ji Hoon
  as the main characters.
tags:
- kim
- zheng
- geum
title: ' Iguana: Joo Ji-hoon is just a little boy in front of Kim Hye-soo. '
---

 The new album, 'Hyena' (also known as 'Hyena' and 'Rich Debaters'), is a new movie by Jang Tae Yoo from 'You from the Stars' and features Kim Hye Soo and Joo Ji Hoon as the main characters. In this movie, she will be playing the lead role of a man who is a woman of the same gender, and she will be playing a woman who is a woman of the same gender.

Iguana poster  

Iguana is a legal drama in which the main characters are both lawyers. The initial concept put out for the show was that it was about the gory survival of lawyers representing the upper 1%. But it's not that serious, and unlike those bloodthirsty plutocrats dramas that denounce the unkindness of plutocrats, or serious legal dramas, Iguana is more light-hearted and fun than you'd expect.

Actor Yoon Hee-jae (Joo Ji-hoon)
He is an elite lawyer who was born with a golden key in his hand. His grandfather is the former president of the Supreme Court, his father is a current ministerial judge, and his brother is a current judge, who entered Seoul National University School of Law as a chief and is now a rising star in the legal world. Lawyer Yoon Hee-jae is a man who believes in his own charisma.

Joo Ji-hoon as Yoon Hee-jae  

It's just that he doesn't know how to do laundry. He went to the laundry in the early morning and ran into Jeong Geum-ja (Kim Hye-soo), who exuded maturity and femininity.
She always quietly browses through the books while waiting, and even her posture when reading is so elegant. It's only after a while that Yoon Hee is attracted to Zheng Geum Zi. The first thing he noticed is that she is the perfect match for him, and their interests, hobbies and tastes are 100% seamless. Yoon Hee-jae takes the initiative, and by the end of the first episode, they are already kissing in the sunset.

Romance in the Laundry  

When he walks into the courtroom, he is shocked to see that his opponent's defense attorney is none other than Zheng Gumzi - yes, that's right, wearing an exclusive custom-made watch that he gave to the second generation of tycoons. Jung Geum-jae produces the deadly evidence that she stole from Yoon Hee-jae's tablet computer. The first time I saw her, I thought that she was the one who had been in love with him. In order to seduce him and steal information?

Kim Hye-soo as Kim Geum-ja, her true face is "ruthless and cruel".  

Our irrepressible, pure-hearted protagonist has never met such a big obstacle in his life, and as a result, he fell on his face.

It's a shame that he met Ginger Zheng. Ginger Zheng is the hyena-like character that the play's title implies. Hyenas are fierce carnivores in the animal kingdom and are known as "opportunists" who prey on other carnivores. After a traumatic childhood, she wanted to buy a building in the city center and have her own lawyer. So she will do anything to win the case and make money.

In addition to the fact that he has been in love with many people, Yoon Hee-jae looks like a gentleman, but in front of his sister, whose intelligence, experience, and skills are much higher than his, he immediately reveals his boyish nature. The actual reason for this is because of the fact that it's a good idea for you to be able to get the most out of this. She has a strong desire to break through the solid class in Korea, but she can only rely on her strong vitality like a weed, her exquisite charisma, and her occasional heartlessness.

Jeong Gum-ja's rivalry is full of energy.  

The first thing I want to do is to tell you that I'm not going to be able to do anything about it. The first thing I want to do is to ask Zheng Qinzi: "Have you never loved me? Not even a little bit?

I really have to wonder if the hero and heroine got the wrong script. Zheng Qinzi, word for word, "There wasn't a moment when I truly treated you." Yoon Hee-jae was so startled that even the air was sour.

The main thread of Hyena is the two people falling in love and killing each other in case after case. About every couple of episodes, there will be a case, which has the framework of a unit drama, and through each case, we get a glimpse into the dirty or secret lives of the high society people in Korea. It's true that it's a taboo in industry dramas, but with Kim Hye Soo and Joo Ji Hoon's perfect acting and CP sense, there could have been a little more romance.

In the photo, she said, "I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it. She has been a member of the Korean government for more than a decade, and she has been a member of the Korean government for more than a decade now. In the past few years, there have been a number of Korean actresses like Kim Hye Soo, and this alone shows the maturity of the Korean film industry.

Kim Hye-soo's quality is also unique among Korean actresses. She is a mature and sexy actress in Hyena, and she is full of charisma and imperial sister style. In the movie, the actress said, "I'm not going to be the only one who is going to be the biggest star in the world.

The first time I saw her was when I was a kid.  

by Kang Jung yeon / photo by Kim Gang yoo] In the photo shoot, she wore a black dress and a white dress. It's all about strength. In this movie, Iguana is a manly and boyish character who is arrogant and naive, debauched and pure, and thinks he is a tiger, but in reality he is a kitten.

Iguana is essentially a romance drama. It is not a clichéd "CEO loves me", nor is it a love affair between a little wolf dog and a little milk dog, it is a love affair between a mature man and a woman. Even after the age of dreaming, you still want to be planted in the love game of mature men and women.

(This article is from Breaking News, please download "Breaking News" APP for more original information)

 
        