---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: e914fa4d69e3636875477c16e354470a3311e8b2
summary:
- The Law Enforcement Inspection Group recommended that the province should continue
  to strengthen efforts to firmly ban and crack down on illegal wildlife markets and
  trading activities, highlighting the farmers' markets, restaurants, food processing
  and other key establishments and wildlife living and breeding areas to inspect.
tags:
- wildlife farmers
- protection
- protected
title: ' Guangdong: Over 1 billion yuan in compensation has been paid to wildlife
  farmers '
---

 **Guangdong Province has introduced more than 60 policies and measures to ban wild animals**

**Over 1 billion dollars in compensation has been paid to wildlife farmers**

In the past year, Guangdong Province has introduced more than 60 measures and guidelines for a comprehensive wildlife ban. 26 November, the 26th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 13th Provincial People's Congress heard and considered the report of the Provincial People's Congress Standing Committee on the NPC Standing Committee's decision on a comprehensive wildlife ban, the Wildlife Protection Law and the province's wildlife protection management regulations on law enforcement inspection. The report disclosed that the province has made every effort to help wildlife farmers smoothly transition to production, and 18 cities with disposal tasks have completed the exit disposal tasks, issuing compensation funds of more than 1 billion yuan.

According to the report, the province has established a joint inter-departmental meeting system to combat illegal trade in wild animals and plants to strengthen the supervision and management of hunting at source, intermediate circulation and end use. All departments have jointly launched special operations to crack down on illegal hunting, trading and transportation of wildlife. At the same time, resolutely combat illegal wildlife markets and trade. So far, the province has established more than 2,000 cases involving wildlife, and forestry departments have strengthened field inspections of state-owned forest farms and nature reserves, sending out more than 592,000 inspectors.

In addition to cracking down, localities have also accelerated the transformation of wildlife farming. Lin Jinxiong, deputy director of the Rural Agriculture Committee of the provincial people's congress, said that the province has issued guidelines for the disposal of artificially propagated wildlife, and for species that have been included in the National Livestock Genetic Resources Catalogue, farmers are instructed to continue to carry out relevant production and business activities in accordance with the law, and for species not listed in the catalog, farmers are instructed to help them convert and carry out disposal compensation work. As of November 13, 18 municipalities in the province with disposal tasks have completed the withdrawal of disposal tasks, and issued compensation funds of 1.02 billion yuan.

Along with the total ban on wildlife, the province continues to strengthen the protection of wildlife habitats. According to the report, Guangdong is the province that established the earliest and the largest number of nature reserves in the country, with 1,331 various nature reserves established so far. In recent years, the province has organized and carried out protection projects for key species such as the South China tiger and the crocodile lizard, protected pangolin and migratory birds in the wild, and promoted the construction of a national long-term research base for pangolin conservation research and a national conservation research center.

The Law Enforcement Inspection Group recommended that the province should continue to strengthen efforts to firmly ban and crack down on illegal wildlife markets and trading activities, highlighting the farmers' markets, restaurants, food processing and other key establishments and wildlife living and breeding areas to inspect. The provincial government should urge the relevant cities and counties to cash as soon as possible the disposal compensation funds for farmed wild animals, to ensure that the disposal of compensation before the end of the year to complete the work of households, and at the same time increase the transformation of farmers to help efforts to help work, "one policy" "one family, one law" to implement the conversion, grasp the Wildlife poverty alleviation industry transformation to new project development to ensure that poor farmers do not reduce income does not return to poverty. (Reporter)
(Xiangbo Wang)

 
        