---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: eb4473d46bcea9c7871b36e2de8ab4b5
summary:
- In this case the symptoms are very similar to those of infectious enteritis (distemper)
  in dogs, and can be treated as described below after making sure the dog has been
  immunized, otherwise please go to the hospital as soon as possible to confirm the
  diagnosis, and take oral gentamicin injections.
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- enteritis
title: ' What should I do if my pug has diarrhea? Why do you have diarrhea? '
---

 The silly and charming appearance of the pug has attracted many people's attention, making it a popular pet dog nowadays. But in the process of caring for the pug, we can't be sloppy. In the summer, it's not uncommon for pugs to have diarrhea, and it's necessary to know the relevant knowledge in advance. In the following, the editor of Porky.com will analyze the causes of diarrhea in pug dogs and the measures to deal with it.

1, it may be a small viral enteritis or canine distemper. You'll want to see if there are any other symptoms to go along with it, such as whether there is fever, eye discharge, coughing, shivering and other symptoms. If so, you should test it. You can go to the vet and have it tested, or you can buy your own test strips and have it tested.

2、Cold

During the change of season, the temperature changes, many dogs are prone to the phenomenon of diarrhea. Generally speaking, as long as the spirit, appetite and the usual no difference can be considered a sudden change in the weather, cold causes of diarrhea, to the appropriate dog to keep warm and regulate his digestion.

3、Parasites

If you need medication for worming, it's best to go to the hospital for a stool test first and then use medication accordingly. In addition, if you see blood in the stool, which is caused by the parasite, it is best to have it tested to make sure. It is recommended to deworm once every three months to completely eliminate this phenomenon from happening!

4, enteritis

In addition to diarrhea, the dog's mental state is not good and his body temperature is elevated. In this case the symptoms are very similar to those of infectious enteritis (distemper) in dogs, and can be treated as described below after making sure the dog has been immunized, otherwise please go to the hospital as soon as possible to confirm the diagnosis, and take oral gentamicin injections. Pharmacies commonly offer 80,000 units in two milliliters, and 20,000 units can be drunk twice a day. It should be noted that after taking gentamicin for half an hour, you need to feed your dog some live bacteria digestive aid, such as gastrointestinal treasure probiotics, mommy love, etc., to help your cat recover its digestive ability.

Editor：Huai Zhu

 
        