---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: eda9dfe89d8be3283874e9beb28c54f0f8807452
summary:
- Recently, the net exposed the big beauty Fan Bingbing in her personal social media
  platform sun sky cat, I have to admit that the network spread really fast, immediately
  experts said that the brown one price in about 200,000.
- The next step is to take a look at Fan Bingbing and her cats with the sugar-coated
  baby.
tags:
- fan
- baby
- personal
title: ' The net exposed Fan Bingbing''s sky-high cat, and experts said it was around
  200,000 yuan, which is really a financial strength. '
---

 2020-11-28 07:54:54 Source: Beast Love Entertainment

Report

Hello, I'm your candy cane baby, I'm here to update you daily with fun and interesting articles, follow me if you like!

Recently, the net exposed the big beauty Fan Bingbing in her personal social media platform sun sky cat, I have to admit that the network spread really fast, immediately experts said that the brown one price in about 200,000.

The next step is to take a look at Fan Bingbing and her cats with the sugar-coated baby.

  
  

The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of what you are doing and how you are doing it.

In terms of relationship, she also split up with her boyfriend, who had been with her for a long time and was almost ready to get married.

  
  

However, on November 22nd, Fan Bingbing dried a set of pictures on her personal microblog and wrote: "Dull and the little prince".

The dull and little prince in the picture are two cute kittens, which are two completely different breeds of kittens.

  
  

The brown cat is said to be more expensive than the other cats, while the white one is said to be bought by Fan Bingbing in May this year,
The baby sugar-coated gourd is also heard from others, it seems that Fan Bingbing used discount coupons to buy three cats, the total price is more than 330,000, after the discount is 280,000.

I have to say that using 280,000 to buy three cats is really too generous, the money is enough for an ordinary family to live for several years.

  
  

It seems that, although Fan Bingbing has been affected by the yin and yang contract incident in recent years, the workload has dropped quite a bit, but Fan Bingbing's financial strength is still very strong.

There is really no pressure at all on the personal finances.
Ah. But, the sugar-coated baby guesses that the current Fan Bing Bing is so fond of cats is not because it is too lonely after breaking up with her boyfriend, in fact, it is quite good to raise their favorite small animals when conditions allow. What do you think?

  
  

Guys, do you think these cats by Fan Bingbing are cute? Feel free to leave a comment in the comment section to discuss it together!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        