---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: ee0d5bc5502fa80e6ee344f2c3648611
summary:
- Is the cat the same as the star?
- hairless cat**
- Siamese Cat**
- Maine Cat**.
- The Maine cats are gentle, friendly, easy to get close to, like spacious places,
  not suitable for small apartments to raise, they are smart and independent, belonging
  to the large body shape of the cat, the body is very strong, the coat is also thick
  and dense.
- Ragdoll Cat**
tags:
- cat
- cats
- like
title: ' The Maine cat is facing Yi Yun Qianxi, is your cat the same model as the
  star? '
---

 They are agile, a little sleepy, like to lick their own hair clean, and have a maverick personality. They are not always obedient to their masters, and are more like two equal friends than subordinates. Is the cat the same as the star?

**1 Dusk. British Shorthair**

British Shorthair cats are round and chubby, with short, coarse and well-developed limbs, a short, dense coat, a big head and a round face that looks cute, gentle and calm, very friendly and easy to feed. Deer had a British shorthair cat and a tabby cat, both of which are short-haired cats and very docile, but unfortunately the gray cat died in 2017 due to heart disease.

**2\\. hairless cat**

This cat is the result of a natural genetic mutation, in addition to the ears, muzzle, nose, tail front forging, feet and other parts of some thin and soft fetal hair, other parts of the body are hairless, the skin is wrinkled and elastic, this cat is docile, but afraid of heat and cold, in the "mother is superman season 3", Huo Siyan also took the family's hairless cat to ultrasound, the family is special. Lovely, but there are a lot of netizens who can't accept hairless cats and think they're too ugly like aliens.

**3\\. Siamese Cat**

The Siamese cat is a world famous short-haired cat in the
More than 200 years ago, this prized cat was kept only in the royal palaces and grand temples of Thailand, and was the aristocrat of the house. Kim Novak adopted the Siamese cat on the set of the movie "Lovecraftian" after filming, and the cat has appeared in many of her photographs since then.

**4\. Maine Cat**.

The Maine cats are gentle, friendly, easy to get close to, like spacious places, not suitable for small apartments to raise, they are smart and independent, belonging to the large body shape of the cat, the body is very strong, the coat is also thick and dense. It's a good idea to have a cat that you can use for your own personal use, but it's also a good idea to have a cat that you can use for your own personal use.

**5\. Ragdoll Cat**

Muppet cat, is a hybrid breed, is the largest, heaviest cat in existence, they are docile, very friendly, beautiful and elegant, so some people also called them "fairy cats". Most of the stars of the Muppet cats are actresses, like the rocket girl 101 Lai Mei Yun, goddess Liu Yifei, etc. are raised Muppet cats, even the national husband Wang Sicong has a Muppet cat, when placed in their hats, was dubbed by netizens moment do not know who to envy.

 
        