---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: eff5864539a1b16d529b7bed89cf458d
summary:
- '###### Copyright and Disclaimer'
- 6, If you need to contact us because of content, copyright, unclear address, unpaid
  fees and other problems, please do so within 30 days.
- 'Contact: Editorial Department Tel: 0451-88003358'
tags:
- forestry
- hebei
- information
title: ' Hebei Forestry and Grass Bureau Issues Emergency Notice to Crack Down on
  Indiscriminate Hunting and Trafficking of Wildlife '
---

 ###### Copyright and Disclaimer

1,All the works marked "Source: China Animal Husbandry Net" on this website belong to China Animal Husbandry Net, and may not be reproduced, excerpted or used in other ways without the authorization of this website. If the net has authorized the use of the works, it should be used within the scope of authorization, and indicate "Source: China Animal Husbandry Net". Violation of the above terms, this website will pursue its legal responsibilities.

2,All the works indicated "Source: XXX (not this website)" on this website are reprinted from other media, reprinted for the purpose of passing on more information, and does not represent that this website agrees with their views and is responsible for their authenticity.

3,The information shown on this website is provided by both buyers and sellers, and the authenticity, accuracy and legality of the information is the responsibility of the information publisher. This website does not provide any warranty and does not assume any legal liability.

4,Friendly reminder: online transactions are risky, please be cautious of both buyers and sellers transactions, local is best to meet the transaction, off-site transactions, please learn more, see more, more questions, more understanding, online scams are varied, beware of being cheated!

5,All information published on this website is for investors' reference only and does not constitute investment advice. Investors operate at their own risk.

6, If you need to contact us because of content, copyright, unclear address, unpaid fees and other problems, please do so within 30 days. Contact: Editorial Department Tel: 0451-88003358
Email: info#chinafarming.com (Please replace # with @)

 
        