---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f10f5885eccf1b5035655c816b7f3056c539a5c0
summary:
- Upon his return to the Soviet Union, Ivanov proposed to use male chimpanzees and
  human females to perform hybridization experiments, but the former Soviet Academy
  refused to accept his proposal and withdrew its funding.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including images and videos, if any) was uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- ivanov
- humans
- human
title: ' When the Soviet Union secretly built the Warrior of the Apes, five female
  volunteers participated, what happened to them? '
---

 2020-11-28 08:16:51 Source: mango pudding dairy

Report

I'm sure many of you have seen Planet of the Apes, Rise of the Planet of the Apes and other Hollywood blockbusters, in which the gorilla warriors also left a deep impression on everyone. In terms of individual power, humans are far less powerful than these animals. If we could use the power of the orangutan for human beings, we could create a group of "super soldiers". As early as the 1920s, the Soviet Union put forward the idea of "Warriors of the Apes" and put it into practice.

  

Rise of the Planet of the Apes

The Soviet Union built the Warrior of the Apes

According to a declassified secret archive of the former Soviet Union, in the mid-1920s, the former Soviet Union dreamed of creating a super-hybrid warrior that was half-human and half-ape.
** These warriors had the strength of apes and monkeys, but with the mindset of humans and the ability to understand human commands. They became tireless "war machines" in wartime, and laborers in peacetime to build railroads. **
This task was entrusted by the Kremlin to the former Soviet Academy, and the person in charge of the project at the time was a renowned scientist in the field of "artificial insemination", Ivanov.

  

Ivanov, a renowned scientist in the field of artificial insemination, was in charge of the project.

The Kremlin's orders to Ivanov were to create a new race of "invincible" human beings by crossing human-ape hybrids. **They can resist starvation, have little regard for food quality, and are painless. **They are resistant to hunger, do not require much food quality, and are painless.
Most importantly, it requires "infinite power and an underdeveloped brain." After receiving this order, Ivanov set out to experiment. Since no artificial insemination volunteers could be found in the former Soviet Union, Ivanov traveled to Africa with $200,000 in his pocket.

  

Warrior of the Apes

Ivanov conducts experiments

Ivanov hired local people to capture and care for the orangutans for them, and conducted the first artificial insemination experiments on female orangutans here. During the experiment, Ivanov's son was bitten by a female orangutan. At the same time, the former Soviet Union established a center in Georgia for experiments on simian-ape hybrids. Ivanov's plan was to inseminate female orangutans with human sperm and wait for the results before inseminating human women with ape sperm.

  

Ivanov

**But before the experiment in Africa was over, Ivanov ran out of money for the experiment. **
He had no choice but to return to Moscow. Upon his return to the Soviet Union, Ivanov proposed to use male chimpanzees and human females to perform hybridization experiments, but the former Soviet Academy refused to accept his proposal and withdrew its funding. However, Ivanov was able to secure the support of several scientists and recruited five female volunteers on his own.

  

Orangutans and Humans

Ivanov was arrested.

All five female volunteers signed a confidentiality agreement and volunteered to undergo strict isolation during the experiment. Since the environment in Moscow was not suitable for orangutans, Ivanov brought in eleven male chimpanzees from abroad. Just as he was about to begin his experiments, the Soviet secret police suddenly appeared and arrested him. The Soviet Union later sentenced Ivanov to five years in prison for "conducting unethical experiments on his own".

  

The Secret Police

In 1931, Ivanov's sentence was commuted to another five years of exile in Kazakhstan. In 1932, however, he died of illness.
** As for the staff and the five female volunteers involved in the experiments, they were all punished with varying degrees of imprisonment or exile. ** So Ivanov's later experiments were not carried out.

Special Note: The content above (including images and videos, if any) was uploaded and published by users of the media platform "Netease", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        