---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f11d9812eb9b061bddf59afb0ea8c5f9
summary:
- An eight-year-old guide dog named Kermit, who was suffering from cancer, did his
  best at the end of his life, trying with every fiber of his being to get his blind
  owner, David, from Birmingham to his home in Huddersfield before collapsing and
  taking his last breath.
tags:
- david
- dog
- british
title: ' A guide dog with cancer fought to the death to return to its owner after
  dying (Figure) '
---

 Guide dog Kermit is pictured with his blind owner, David.

A dog is man's friend. A recent story from the United Kingdom proves this old adage once again. An eight-year-old guide dog named Kermit, who was suffering from cancer, did his best at the end of his life, trying with every fiber of his being to get his blind owner, David, from Birmingham to his home in Huddersfield before collapsing and taking his last breath.

 **Made eyes for his owner for 7 years**.

According to British media reports on the 8th, 61-year-old David Coombe is a blind man in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England, and is the chairman of the UK National Disability Network, David owns an 8-year-old guide dog named Kermit, and he and the Labrador have lived together for seven years. On June 6, David took Kermit to a conference in Birmingham, 190 kilometers away, not realizing that the guide dog was terminally ill and had only a few hours left to live.

 **Trying his best to get his owner home**.

By the time David had finished his meeting and returned from Birmingham to Huddersfield, 190 kilometers away, by train and then by car, guided by Kermit the guide dog, Kermit the guide dog was already dying, but it was with his last ounce of strength that he insisted on taking his blind master safely from Birmingham to his home in Huddersfield before he collapsed and took his last breath!

David said, "He got out of the car with me and crossed the street to get home and I had just unchained him and he sucked his nose twice and collapsed to the ground." David quickly called for a veterinarian, and when the veterinarian brought Kermit back to the clinic as a matter of urgency and attempted to administer anesthesia, he found that Kermit had completely stopped breathing.

 **Death from spread of cancer cells**

A veterinary examination revealed that Kermit had a large tumor on his spleen and that he had apparently died from the spread of cancer cells. Owner David painfully stated that when he and his guide dog, Kermit, arrived in Manchester from Birmingham by train, David said, "I thought he needed to go to the bathroom. When we got on the train, he crouched under the table as usual, but he didn't want to eat anything I gave him." He noticed that Kermit was a little slow, but didn't realize that it was dying at the time. Desk
Text

 **Links**

 **British "bar dog" hit and killed while waiting for public transportation**.

According to the British media reported on the 8th, 10-year-old Jack Rather's short-legged dog "Laddie" in Donnington, York, England is a legend in the eyes of the local people, because in the past few years, Laddie twice a week to leave his owner's farm, alone on a 10 bus to go to the pub in York. "He would stay there all day, enjoying the drinks and sausages that customers gave him, before finally taking the bus back home to the farm at the "end of the day". However, the dog was accidentally hit and killed by a passing car when he was waiting for a bus at the local bus station, ending his legendary "bar-hopping career".
Taiwan Wen

**View more pictures**  
---  
|N

  
British Couple Spends Ten Years with the Beast

|

  
Tigers dancing in the water with bikini girls

|

  
One family in England eats dinner with a donkey every day  
  
-----------|----|----  
  
  
Man and Orangutan Hooking Up

|

  
5 meter python lives in harmony with humans

|

  
Boy lives with 40 poisonous snakes  
  
  
Puppy Guarding Comatose Owner

|

  
A new way to swim in the winter Dance with the ducks

|

  
6 meter python eats and sleeps with boy

 
        