---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f14c34859a3697026c3412108c9c891ce704d6f0
summary:
- The Pug's bitter and resentful appearance is due to its flat nose.
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- heat
- nose
- appearance
title: ' A black-faced, bitter, ugly, ugly pug, do you like it? '
---

 2020-11-21 07:56:48 Source: Enlightenment Education

Report

However, there is one kind of dog that looks bitter and unhappy, and this kind of dog is the Pug.

  

At first glance, the black face and furrowed brow of a pug always make you think that it is unhappy, and you can't help but feel an urge to protect it. However, the personality of the Pug has nothing to do with this world-weary, sad appearance. The Pug is very friendly to people, with large, innocent eyes that are always curious about the world, and enjoys interacting with other animals. The Pug's personality is more Buddhist and less competitive, and this, combined with its appearance, gives people the illusion that the Pug is a "wise" old man.

  

The Pug's bitter and resentful appearance is due to its flat nose. In the process of artificial breeding, the pug's nose becomes flatter and more distressed. Although the flat nose is a characteristic feature of the Pug, it also causes a lot of problems for the Pug. The flat nose makes it difficult for the pug to breathe easily when exercising, so the owner has to intervene in the dog's activities and let it rest before it can continue playing.

  

In addition to having difficulty breathing, the Pug, which has a flat nose, is also sensitive to temperature. The pug is afraid of heat, and when the temperature is high, the dog will shortness of breath due to the use of its tongue to dissipate heat, and in severe cases, it may even suffer from life-threatening heatstroke. This is why it is best to avoid taking your dog out in the summer heat and to have plenty of drinking water available for your dog to prevent heat stroke.

  

The pug's short coat makes it easy to take care of on a daily basis and does not require frequent grooming. The pug is a short-nosed breed and can easily inhale cold air in the winter, which can irritate the trachea and lead to coughing, so you can provide it with warm clothes. The pug is also as adorable as ever in its clothes.

  

Although the pug has a high temperature requirement, it does not affect its lively personality. The ugly and cute look of the pug is also very pleasing to the eye, and it is easy to take care of, so it is very suitable to be kept in the city. Do you like this ugly puppy? Feel free to leave a comment!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        