---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f22e4e8340dde685a83783f8eb85c5d0
summary:
- The new car adopts a new design language, which is different from the simple "Q-moe"
  style of the Ola Black Cat and White Cat. The new car uses a lot of curved lines,
  which has the charm of classic models and an elegant retro atmosphere, and well
  illustrates the "retro-futurism" that they advocate.
tags:
- retro
- ola
- car
title: ' Ola Good Cat will go on sale tonight with a pre-sale price of RMB 10.50-14.50
  million. '
---

 **Easy Car Newsletter**
It is reported that the Ola Cat will go on sale tonight (November 24), and the new car is based on Great Wall Motor's Lemon+Coffee intelligent platform. The new car will be available in two range-extended versions, and its announced pre-sale price is RMB 105,000-145,000.

The new car adopts a new design language, which is different from the simple "Q-moe" style of the Ola Black Cat and White Cat. The new car uses a lot of curved lines, which has the charm of classic models and an elegant retro atmosphere, and well illustrates the "retro-futurism" that they advocate. "Philosophy. The front and rear overhang of the Cat is short, but the wheelbase is long, the body dimensions of the new car is 4235/1825/1596mm, the wheelbase is 2650mm.

The exterior of the Ola Cat is highly recognizable, with a pair of eye-catching Porsche-style headlights on the front and a youthful two-tone body on the sides.

Another point worth mentioning about Ola's appearance is that, in order to give young users more autonomy and decision-making power, Ola, with the sincere intention of "user co-creation", opened a global campaign of naming the eight colors. Finally, after online voting and internal evaluation, the eight colors were named Muppet White, Big Orange Gold, Ten Thousand People, High Heel Red, Blue Bovan, Wise Brown, Forgiveness Green and Siam Black.

In the interior, Ola Hao Cat uses a large amount of soft leather covering, and uses a color contrast design, the dual-width steering wheel, air conditioning vents throughout the center console, metal-like air conditioning control buttons and large LCD screen, all of which continue its design concept of combining retro and future.

The new car will be equipped with a ternary lithium-ion battery pack produced by Honeycomb Energy and divided into two versions with a range of 401km and 501km under working conditions.

 
        