---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f291934cdfc2f3cbc7d672b1831638b7
summary:
- 'Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded
  and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information
  storage services.'
tags:
- dog
- dogs
- yulin
title: ' Guangxi Yulin weighs more than 100 kg "net red" dog, usually in addition
  to sleeping is to eat! '
---

 2020-11-28 11:52:03 Source: xiaogu lookday

Report

A mention of Guangxi Yulin, you will think of what, will not think of "winter solstice fish raw summer solstice dog", "Yulin Lychee Dog Meat Festival" and so on. In fact, not everyone imagine that way, the dog meat festival just before the process down, so there has always been this festival, this festival, not what dogs are killed. Today (November 28), the editor to take a look at the county of Yulin, Guangxi Rong County, a net red dog, it lives for more than a decade, weighing more than 100 pounds, usually in addition to sleep is to eat, very prosperous.

  

A netizen said, every time you see him, in addition to sleep or sleep, do not move, he is particularly fat, the bottom of the stomach are basically fat. This dog has been raised for a long time, more than ten years, see this skin are very dark. It is really very lazy, and when I took pictures of it with my cell phone, it didn't move at all, but when I saw its weight, it was probably a little hard to stand up.

  

After standing near it for almost half an hour, I finally saw it awake, but it was still sitting, unwilling to get up and walk. Judging from its weight, and it was so fat, it really felt like a pig. Why can dogs can be raised so fat, some netizens said, my colleague also raised the same fat dog, should be too spoiled, the son of the dog than his own father, can not tolerate others to scold a sentence, even if his own father said you eat too fat run not moving on father and son annoyed, should be excessive love!

  

In recent years, Guangxi Yulin dog meat festival of growing fame, was a dog lovers groan, in fact, they do not understand Yulin, so just groan, you see this "net red" dog, living in Yulin for more than 10 years, the same live well, and raise a very fat, that it eats well, live well.

  

In recent years, dog people think, dog is man's best friend, so can't eat can't slaughter; but dog people think dog is not a rare or protected animal, as a source of meat and ducks and fish pigs are no different. It has been causing a lot of personnel, for this matter how do you see it?

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        