---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f43d5ed6862abcb918cc1c5be540b7fe
summary:
- Add to this the fact that the higher the status of the cat, the more it likes to
  rub its scent glands, and we can deduce that by letting you touch it, the cat is
  letting you know that it is the master and you are the one who shovels shit .......
tags:
- cat
- cats
- image
title: ' Cat enjoys your groping, just like you? Wrong, wrong, wrong! '
---

 Only by getting to know it can you make it like you more.

Careful shovelers may find that, for a cat that is not yet familiar or bad-tempered, or when the owner is not in a good mood, touching its belly, paws, tail and other sensitive parts of the cat is likely to result in a beating.

Cat: Don't touch me!

But touching the top of the head and chin usually does not attract "blood", as if the top of the head and chin is the "immunity zone" of the shovel.

Comfortable~Don't stop~!

Do you know why masters love to be touched on the top of the head and on the chin so much?

To better serve your master, find out why~!

01

Using a Shovel as a Cleaner, Dual Function

As we all know, "cats are a liquid", they are very flexible and clean, and they love to lick their own fur, even the roots of their thighs, which are a hell of a difficult place to lick.

Photo courtesy of stocksnap

But even if owners are very flexible, they can't help the hard to save places like the chin and the top of the head, and the chin and cheeks are very easy to get dirty.

When we humans eat gracefully with various tools, we often get rice particles on our faces and chins.

If your cat's chin is greasy and uneven, you should be aware that it may be an overactive sebaceous gland leading to an outbreak of acne, also known as cat acne, and you should seek medical attention immediately.

So when we jerk a cat's chin, we're also doing the equivalent of an incidental cleaning job. Who doesn't love a service for free?

So even the grumpiest of masters who dislike being jerked around is defenseless against groping. But in reality, they may just want you to help them comb the hairs they can't lick.

Image credit: Tadpole

02

"Circle the Circle", marking the same kind of people

Scent glands are found on the chin, cheeks, and ears of masters. The scent glands are located under the surface of the animal's skin and are located on various parts of the master's body, such as the roots of the ears, cheeks, and auricles.

They are like little pouches filled with pheromones, or pheromones, a special odor that is usually not perceived by human olfactory cells.

Like other felines, cat owners use scent to mark items in their territory, including but not limited to their master's toys, your furniture, and you - his or her shoveler.

A cat's frequent rubbing against you may be a sign of "kindness" and proof that the scavenger is harmless. That's why it's so relaxed when it's with you. This also explains why owners allow you to give them the dangerous "choke hold" as a humble spatula.

We can often see on TV that lions and tigers kill their prey by biting their necks and rupture their windpipes when they are hunting.

Image Source: Tadpole

However, cats are less tolerant of the stomach, which is also a critical part of the body, and should pay special attention to it when jerking cats.

It's worth mentioning that the scent left by the owner will be diluted by the spatula after bathing or applying some skin care products, so the cat should keep repeating the action of "marking" (owner's inner os: this generation of spatula is really disconcerting).

03

To give you some idea of who the master is.

Friction of the scent glands stimulates the secretion of odors, and it was found that the higher the status of the cat, the more they rubbed against the scent glands (rubbing against pant legs, table legs, sofa), while the less status cats did so less often. This means that rubbing scent glands is a way to establish a cat's status and connection.

Thus, some scientists have suggested that cats like to be touched on the top of the head and chin or rub their cheeks against people because they want to exchange pheromones with you, so that you can smell like yourself (hmm ...... ), which in turn establishes their status in the household and increases their comfort and security in the home.

Add to this the fact that the higher the status of the cat, the more it likes to rub its scent glands, and we can deduce that by letting you touch it, the cat is letting you know that it is the master and you are the one who shovels shit .......

Image courtesy of Tadpole

Now you know why the cold master is willing to let you ravage these parts of his body, don't you?

Perhaps your master is itching to be rua'd right now, so go home and save the Lord!

Disclaimer: This article is reprinted for the purpose of conveying more information. If the source is incorrectly labeled or violates your legal rights, please contact us with proof of ownership, and we will correct or delete it promptly.

Source: Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences

 
        