---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f6aa857e17c20c34de0d6cd7766ed789
summary:
- _Short Legs, Little Electric Ass - Corgi_.
- Chubby, cute little short legs - Poodle
- Cute and Lovely Short Legs - Pomeranian
- '** Long body, short legs, resembles the sausage hot dog that people in Europe used
  to eat, so people gave it the nickname Sausage Dog.'
- Aren't these little short-legged dogs super cute?
tags:
- legs
- dogs
- short dog
title: ' Short-legged dog competition, who has the shortest legs, which one do you
  like the most? '
---

 In the human world, there are long-legged opahs and seven dwarfs, so naturally there are long-legged and short-legged woofers in the woof world too!

There was a long-legged woof Greeks before, Greeks elegant temperament, running smooth body line, growing is cute and lovely people like, so today we talk about a few small short legs in the woof world, short legs is always synonymous with cute, see if it is not?

_The cute little short-legged kids_.

Short-Legged Ki - Corgi

**The Corgi, which was raised by Queen Elizabeth II, has reached the pinnacle of dog life**, and thanks to its short legs, the Corgi is now legally eligible to live in China, where many breeds are banned.

The Corgi's small electric buttocks are round, tight and upturned, and they are born with a "peach butt" that you can't envy. Many owners can't keep their hands off their Corgi's buttocks, so they stare at them every day and do bad things.

The short legs allow the Corgi to be agile and avoid kicks from livestock. Even if a Corgi is so short that a cow can't see it, it can still herd cows to show you. Corgi ancestors have been herding cattle for thousands of years, and because of their small stature and agility, Corgis are able to move freely through the herd. They drive the herd from the front, moving in a semi-circular arc, rather than running around the entire herd.

_Short Legs, Little Electric Ass - Corgi_.

Chubby, cute little short legs - Poodle

Because of their appearance, poodles are short and chubby, which makes people think they are cute and dumb. **The Poodle has been described as the walking "little fatty" of the dog world, with a thick coat of hair covering its body, like a ball. **

The Chow Chow is an ancient dog breed native to Tibet, China, and has been around for at least 2000 years. It can also be found in some relics from the Han Dynasty. The real name is 獢獢, and the poodle is the name given to the dogs that came into the country and then came back to China.

In the summer, a lot of people think dog heat, will give them shaved, and then a small friend also to their own poodle shaved, however, found that its legs actually quite long ......

_Walking the "little fat man"-Song lion_

Cute and Lovely Short Legs - Pomeranian

I remember what my buddy once said about her family's Pomeroy: **Small, temperamental. Neurotic, unpredictable personality. Looks round and short-legged, often aggressive out of proportion to her size. **

Because of the limitations of the breeding range, many people choose to breed smaller dogs, and the outstanding Pomeranian outside has successfully captured the attention of the public.

It is said that the ancestor of the Pomeranian is the Samoyed, one of the three sledding idiots, but the Samoyed was not yet called Samoyed at that time. The Pomeranian's good looks have since been enjoyed by many members of the royal family, including Queen Victoria, who was a Pomeranian fanatic.

_Furry Pomeranians_.

Long Body Short Legs - Dachshund

** Long body, short legs, resembles the sausage hot dog that people in Europe used to eat, so people gave it the nickname Sausage Dog. **

Dachshunds are divided into three categories according to size: standard, mini and rabbit, as well as short-haired, smooth and smooth, long-haired, wavy and smooth, and bristle-haired, with two layers of short, soft and fine undercoat and a rough, hard outer coat.

Although the Dachshund is a very short-legged dog, it is very susceptible to joint problems, especially knee dislocations, compared to the long-legged beagle. The cause of this condition is more due to genetic factors than to the environment in which the dog was fed.

The Dachshund is cheerful, alert and loyal to its owner, making it a delightful companion.

_Long Body Short Legs - Longhaired Dachshund_

Running Short Legs - Pug

**The pug's short legs and chubby appearance are particularly attractive, the pug in life is also a laid-back, this enthusiastic simpleton running around all day ......**.

A little friend jokingly called his family's greedy pug: do whatever you can, eat first. They are so obsessed with food that they often eat themselves to death and suffer from indigestion.

The pug is a very classic and ancient dog breed, but in recent years it has become less and less popular. In the case of pugs, they are highly conditioned, they are prone to disease and require careful care from their owners, so first-time dog owners are generally not advised to get a pug.

_short-legged pug: you're the one with the short legs! You all have short legs! _

Aren't these little short-legged dogs super cute? However, although the cute little short legs are very cute, they are also very inconvenient, and sometimes it makes you anxious to help them.

Do you know what other short legs are in the woof world? Feel free to leave a comment!

Statement: The article image material comes from the network, if any infringement, please delete the private letter.

 
        