---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: f98d90fdfacd37e554e0b5569531174b
summary:
- A few days ago, their owner shared a video of Dustin imitating Tayto's walk with
  the netizens, and it became an instant hit.
- Netizens laughed at Dustin's behavior as not worthy of encouragement, because it
  undermines the dignity of the corgi as a "short-legged dog", which is only a kind
  of naked mockery, so in the world of dogs, there are also such dogs who like to
  laugh at each other!
tags:
- dustin
- tayto
- dog
title: ' Alternative dog "laughs" at corgi short legs, imitates its walking posture,
  laughing the netizens! '
---

 Dog mimicry, sometimes super funny. This time the main character is a corgi, which is famous among many dogs for its "short legs" and is always being compared to other dogs in terms of height. One corgi was recently laughed at by his friends when an alternative dog lowered his body to mimic the way he walked, which made netizens laugh.

The two are good friends, but the mischievous Dustin always makes fun of Tayto, who has short limbs, and from time to time he will lower himself down to imitate Tayto's walking. A few days ago, their owner shared a video of Dustin imitating Tayto's walk with the netizens, and it became an instant hit.

The clip shows Tayto and Dustin walking side by side, but as Tayto excitedly walks toward the camera, Dustin tries to lower his body so low that it almost touches the ground, and then walks in this position, imitating Tayto's short legs. Later, Tayto spots Dustin laughing at him and growls, scaring Dustin into standing up straight. In just a few seconds, Dustin sputters out in disdain and continues to mimic Tayto, laughing at the arrogance of the netizens.

In just two days, the video has been watched by more than a million people, and attracted more than 10,000 comments. Netizens laughed at Dustin's behavior as not worthy of encouragement, because it undermines the dignity of the corgi as a "short-legged dog", which is only a kind of naked mockery, so in the world of dogs, there are also such dogs who like to laugh at each other!

 
        