---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: fa7b4e3603bce5c66195420992aec4d7
summary:
- The first time I saw this, I thought it would be a good idea to have a little bit
  of a look.
- It's a good idea to use a little bit of the same accent as you would in a live broadcast.
tags:
- good
- zhu
- xiaowei
title: ' The first time I saw you, I thought I''d be the one to tell you about it. '
---

 2020-11-27 16:28:09 Source: Xiao Jing Entertainment

Report

Recently the coat brother's son, Zhu Xiaowei, dried a video on the Internet and wrote a text saying, wife's ponytail is not very magical ah.

  

It seems that the wooden and plain Zhu Xiaowei is enlightened, actually can be online so show couple love. It's not just a matter of time, but it's also a matter of time before you get to the point where you'll be able to see and hear a lot of things.

  

 It was speculated that the words were not said by Zhu Xiaowei, then it must be the daughter-in-law Chen Yannan posted, because outsiders should not make the decision for them to post. It seems that Chen Yanaan wants to change the view of her husband's numbness, but it was still discovered by the majority of smart netizens, and Chen Yanaan would have smiled for a while if she had known.

  

It's a good idea to use a little bit of the same old fashioned style that you're used to. The company's main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public, and the company is also looking for new customers.

  

The first time I saw this, I thought it would be a good idea to have a little bit of a look. The two of them are really high-profile and loving in this wave of dog food. It's a good idea to have a good look at the company's products and services.

  

This time the show is really quite attractive, but the car is still overturned this time. The two mouths to know people are very clear, Zhu Xiaowei situation many times, but are in that numbness this does not squeak, even if the occasional say so a couple of sentences is also a very heavy local accent. Before this, someone exposed a video of Xiaowei deliberately practicing speaking Mandarin before the live broadcast. It's a good idea to use a little bit of the same accent as you would in a live broadcast.

  

This time, the Mandarin he spoke when he gave a gift of pomelo to his daughter-in-law can be considered quite standard. It's also a good idea to have a good time with your family. It is also a good idea to have a good look at the shoes.

  

The two of them have been in controversy since they got married, from the beginning, said the money married to the coat brother's family, to later her own family is very rich and good job. In the future, the unit resigned, education only in junior college or temporary workers. And then to the use of the coat brother fame live to get gold. To be honest, don't care how the woman's family, since married to Zhu Xiaowei, two people to live a steady life, are looking for a job to work, or do a small business, certainly a small life is also very good.

If there is any infringement, please contact the platform or the author.

A little bit of entertainment to bring you more entertainment information, friends, please give your opinions and concerns!

Special Note: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is uploaded and published by users of the self-media platform "NetEase", which only provides information storage services.

Notice: The content above (including the pictures and videos if any) is
uploaded and posted by a user of NetEase Hao, which is a social media platform
and only provides information storage services.

 
        