---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: fc6588b59a52efe7dd81476f9db2a70f
summary:
- Male cats are more clingy than female cats.
- The longer you keep your cat and the more time you spend with it, the more clingy
  it will become.
- Even after you have neutered your male cat, it will still be clingy.
- Needy cats are more clingy!
- When is your cat most clingy?
tags:
- cats
- cat
- change
title: ' You know what? The "clinginess" of male and female cats is not the same! '
---

 Why are other cats so clingy, but your cat is a bit cold and impersonal?

No matter how nice you are to your cat, it doesn't seem to want to come near you.

In fact, the degree of a cat's clinginess is related to many factors.

For example, the gender of the cat, the temperature of the weather, and whether the cat has needs.

-01

Male cats are more clingy than female cats.

Relatively speaking, male cats are more secure than female cats, because of the different physiological structure of cats, which also leads to the cat's personality, emotions, and there is a big difference.

If you have a male cat at home, when the male cat builds up a sense of security and trust in you, the cat will trust and rely on you unreservedly; the longer you keep the cat and the more time you spend with the cat, the more clingy the cat will be.

The longer you keep your cat and the more time you spend with it, the more clingy it will become. Even after you have neutered your male cat, it will still be clingy.

A female cat, on the other hand, has the burden of reproducing her offspring on her shoulders; her personality and mood will change with her estrus period.

Especially when a mother cat is pregnant, she will be less dependent on her owner and less trusting; most of the time, a pregnant mother cat will find a place to hide herself.

Most of the time, a pregnant mother cat will find a place to hide in secret, even after giving birth to her kittens.

This is because the love and affection that the owner gives to the mother cat is secondary to her possessiveness of her territory.

If you observe carefully, you will find that the personality of a mother cat changes greatly before and after neutering.

Before neutering, a female cat is mischievous with indifference, but will always show you a clingy and intimate feeling.

** After neutering, a female cat will keep her distance from you for a long period of time, because in her heart, you have hurt her. **

** This hard-earned sense of security and trust has been overturned from the heart by the she-cat and needs to be rebuilt. **

I have 3 cats at home.

A neutered female cat, an unneutered female cat, and an unneutered male cat.

The 3 cats, in descending order of stickiness, are: a male cat, an unneutered female cat, and a neutered female cat.

-02

How clingy cats are, depending on the season and temperature

Now that the weather is getting colder and colder, you'll notice that cats have become more clingy.

In summer, when the weather is hot and the temperature is high, cats tend to be very cold and like to play cool by themselves; they prefer to find a place where they will not be disturbed, plop down on the floor, and go to sleep.

In the winter, when the weather gets colder, cats become affectionate and clingy; they will sleep on the couch, your bed, or even on your body.

This is the effect of temperature and season on how clingy cats are.

Cats are smart, and when it's cold, they know to find a warm place to sleep.

-03

Needy cats are more clingy!

As an example.

You have a cat, but you've recently had to travel, and you've placed the cat with your parents, or with a friend.

When you go on a business trip for a week or half a month, when you get home, your cat will be especially close to you, even with some grumbling in its cries.

This means that the cat especially needs you and misses you; there is a contrast in the cat's heart.

** You've been away from home for many days, and the cat is thinking: I'm so sad that the owner doesn't want me anymore. **

** When you came home, the cat was happy: the owner still loved me, and he hadn't lost me. **

Another situation is when the cat is hungry, thirsty and needs to be comforted.

When it's time to feed the cat, you don't show up and don't feed the cat; at this time, the cat will be around you, rubbing against you and crying out in frustration.

This kind of behavior of the cat is to say to you: "Shovel, I am hungry, please feed me.

It is not difficult at all to raise a good cat and build up a strong relationship with it.

The key lies in whether you are willing to take the time to understand your cat's personality and mood changes.

Today's topic.

When is your cat most clingy?

(Article image source network, original text, infringement will be punished)

 
        