---
date: '2020-12-01'
slug: 496bc073d44f2a8b1d3d22e29cfda77e
summary:
- In the African grasslands, there are two types of animals, hyenas and wild African
  dogs, which are about the same size.
- As such, the African hyena and the African wild dog are about the same size, and
  their strength should be comparable.
tags:
- hyenas
- hyena
- animals
title: ' Hyenas and African wild dogs are similar in size, but why do they say that
  the wild dog must win in a race between the two? '
---

 Hyenas and African wild dogs are similar in size, but why do they say that the wild dog must win in a race between the two?

Nature can be very cruel, and one must always be on the lookout for animals that might sneak up on you, as this competition is the difference between life and death. In the African grasslands, there are two types of animals, hyenas and wild African dogs, which are about the same size.

As we all know, in the animal world, the competition between animals is largely a competition of size, and size is also a hard indicator of the fighting strength of animals, such as the lions, tigers and other ferocious animals we know, are relatively large. As such, the African hyena and the African wild dog are about the same size, and their strength should be comparable.

In fact, surviving on the African savannah proves that both have their own unique secrets. The bite of the African hyena is extremely strong, and is said to be more powerful than that of the king of the steppe, the lion. Besides, how weak is an animal that dares to provoke a lion and snatch food from its mouth? In documentaries, you often see hyenas fighting over a lion's food, and then the lion runs away in disgrace.

But African wild dogs are not wimps, and their strength is not to be underestimated. Wild dogs are usually team players, and their teamwork and tactics are invincible, so no matter how powerful their minions are, there is nothing they can do when they are chasing after them.

If a wild dog meets a hyena in the wild, there is bound to be a big battle. If you encounter a single hyena, there is no doubt that the wild dog will win, and it will bite the lone hyena alive. If you encounter a pack of hyenas, then the wild dog will probably win after a fierce battle, as the wild dog is much larger than the African hyena, and that is obvious. Even though both are pack animals, the wild dogs are much more united, which is why the wild dogs will always win.

 
        